No levels.
Judas Freelander wouldn't give a fuck about levels.
Yeah.
We here to learn how to beat up anybody.
Champ.
You know,
we're in a world champ,
pat.
Dude,
I didn't get a world champ shirt says it in sign language.
Oh,
you please.
FTB Yeah,
these are actually the severed shrunk and fists of my deceased opponents melted
onto my hand.
Now,
is that a real weathered hat or did you prematurely whether it,
no,
this is,
I've been wearing this hat for two years.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh,
okay.
So my mom keeps saying you should retire it.
No,
no,
no.
I keep wearing it.
No,
there's,
it's vintage now.
It's classy.
It's been through battles.
It's been through war.
You know what you could do though for sure is you could sell those,
like the ones that you've worn for a long time and people would gobble it up and
then maybe see,
you know how like those,
uh,
you know what a humiliate tricks is.
Now,
there's a lot of gals out there that make a living selling their old socks and
uh,
they'll sell like a various bodily fluids and excretion.
Gotcha.
Two dudes who,
uh,
have a thing for that.
Yeah.
We had this girl Sierra Lynch on recently and she,
uh,
educated us on this,
this world.
But uh,
so it's like vintage shopping but with a more personal touch to it.
I'm like how you put a spin on it,
man.
So you wrote this book,
which is how to beat up anybody.
Yeah.
That was a five years ago that came out.
Now it's an instructional karate book.
Nice.
Yeah.
You actually studied this.
This book is,
it's basically a spoof of people who think they're great at it but are
horrendous at it.
It's basically,
you know,
I teach you how to beat up Ninjas and bigfoots,
but it's kind of like the worst martial arts instruction possible.
Um,
and it's,
it's,
it's like a 208 page photo joke book.
Basically.
I was,
and then,
yeah,
this is a new book just came out,
um,
called if the rain drops United,
which is a book of drunks and cartoons that I did,
mostly single panel cartoons and most of them are comedy.
But I'd say probably 40% of the ones that are comedy are kind of like dark
satire on big issues.
Whether it's like a,
yeah,
that was honest.
Tits lying ted.
Yeah.
That's a big issue.
That's a big issue out there and it has to do with the nipples.
You Went Pinocchio.
Yeah.
It's basically a Pinocchio Story.
I told her nipples.
Yeah.
No,
that,
that's definitely not one of the more a social commentary,
uh,
one's in there,
but uh,
I do like that one.
That's a good one.
And I do like lying nipples also.
I,
um,
nothing wrong with them.
Yeah.
I like all night bowls.
I don't mean to,
I'm a fan.
I don't discriminate.
Yeah.
I've heard people say something like,
Ooh,
smooth new boobs are like really pale.
Ariel is just be happy.
You get to see him.
Yeah.
I think people that I think we can call that white privilege,
let's call it,
let's call it exactly what it is,
but it's like,
no,
whatever.
I hear people complaining about like,
especially like,
you know,
it's like you're already getting late.
What are you complaining about exactly.
You know,
it's like you can't complain about breasts.
Dude who's in a wheelchair used to play wheelchair.
Uh,
he used to play pool and uh,
he was like you playing tournaments and stuff and he was like how all these
physical problems,
he's like really unhealthy and uh,
what's his wheelchair next due to health reasons or,
okay,
Gotcha.
Yeah.
So he was,
you know,
as a physical specimen he was a mass but he was addicted to prostitutes and he
would only go for ones that had really well taken care of feet.
Okay.
And he had this huge issue like if someone's feet were too big or if their feet,
like he would like freak out about feet.
Like he would get like angry,
like,
and you want to go,
dude,
you should be happy than anybody wants to just hug you.
Like if you could pay a couple hundred bucks in a girl will get naked with you.
Like whoa.
And that's score.
That's also a story where you really got to like give respect to the people that
work in the sex industry.
Cause,
yeah,
I have a lot of respect for them because people,
I think what people don't understand,
you know what a difficult job that is.
And think about like the woman who goes to him and you know,
she's being paid to please him and then what does he smell like?
Yeah.
And then,
and then her foot's like an inch too long and he's mad.
Yeah.
That's,
you know,
that's,
that's more of a hassle than being a Barista at some coffee place or something
like that.
Way more,
way more stuff.
The sex worker thing is a real,
it's a real issue with our puritanical culture that we have this,
uh,
this prejudice against people that have sex with people for money.
Yeah.
We don't,
we don't have it with any other thing that we enjoy.
You don't have it with people that cook for people for money or people that give
massages for money or cut people's hair,
do a bunch of things people don't necessarily want to do.
I have more respect for the sex worker because if you think about it,
we're a capitalist society.
They're more capitalist than the rest of us.
You know,
they're,
well in a sense,
you know,
they're,
they're using their body for,
uh,
to make money.
You know,
what's wrong with it in a sense,
their athletes example,
they definitely are.
They definitely know they are,
they aren't.
It's kind of weird that it's still illegal though.
It really is weird.
I mean,
at a certain point in time it becomes stupid if it's the thing that everybody
wants the most.
If you,
if you across the board,
what do people desire more than anything at a certain time in their life,
it's going to be sex.
Obviously it's food and rast and shelter and you know,
everyone wants to have a comfortable life and good friends and all that stuff.
But everyone who's sexually active,
whose body works,
it's functional.
Yeah.
They want sex.
Even people whose bodies aren't functional,
they still want that.
Yeah.
And if you look at all advertising for no matter what product it is,
it's usually sex is the,
the,
the subtext of what they're selling.
So here's someone that's openly and honestly selling it.
And then you have,
they get discriminated against.
I think a lot of good stuff.
Yeah,
they got locked up.
I mean there's task forces designed to capture them.
Yeah.
You know,
there's,
uh,
my friend Brian Cowen,
I think he's told the store in the podcast before he was talking to some girl in
front of a,
a club and in New York,
you know,
Brian,
he's asleep.
He's a silly goose.
And some girls where he's like,
hey girls.
And they're like,
hey,
you want a date?
He's like a date.
Well,
how much would that cost?
And she's,
and,
you know,
and she said,
how much do you,
how much would you be willing to pay?
He goes,
$10,000.
He got,
he got pulled in for that.
They,
they let literally these women cops.
Yes,
yes.
Like he said,
$10,000 this recently,
no years ago.
I was going to say,
because like street hookers,
you don't really see in New York anymore,
but I remember like 20 years ago,
um,
you know,
you're just going into like the Corner Deli and girl comes up to me and she's
like,
hi,
you want a date?
And I was like,
you know,
for,
this is the first time it happened to me.
And I was like,
I'm like,
I'm like first of all,
what's going on?
And then you realize pretty quickly,
you know,
the woman's a hooker and I'm like,
Nah,
that's okay.
But thanks.
Call out.
Was she,
she was pretty hot.
So if you,
if,
if she wasn't a hooker,
she was just a person you thought you were attractive?
Uh,
yeah,
I'd probably talk to her.
Yeah.
But I'm like a Germaphobe,
so I like how,
like what level,
like how he Mendell level,
uh,
and he's a black belt.
Gold standard is different than mine.
Mine,
Mine's Kinda different.
Uh,
I don't know how his mentally works,
but there's different kinds of OCD and mine goes through various phases.
Like some people will be a neat freak because,
or they might lock their door five times because they're afraid they,
oh maybe I forgot to lock it.
And then someone's gonna break in a,
but there's another kind where if you don't lock it,
like doing it like the exact,
you know,
physical motions that you're supposed to,
then something bad's going to happen to you that day.
Like,
like,
like you might get,
you might get cancer if you don't lock the door properly.
So that's why.
So that's why you might lock it 10 times.
It's like,
it's like you'll get some kind of a hex or a jinx on you.
That's the kind of thing that I have sporadically off and on.
I've had it for years,
you know,
sporadically in various.
Yeah.
Sometimes it comes and goes,
you know,
when does it,
when does it go?
When you're feeling great about life and everything's going well and you're
sometimes,
sometimes you think,
okay,
something's bad's gonna happen now because things are going well usually that
way.
I was thinking the other way that like when things are going well you think well
I don't have to worry what the heck's right now.
No,
no.
Usually it's when I'm not busy like cause then your mind,
because my mind has kind of always racing,
you know,
so if you're just,
if you're unable to just sit back and relax then your mind it just keeps racing
and then if it gets on a negative thought it just spirals and spirals and
spirals.
That's so common amongst comics that we were just talking about that yesterday
with Whitney Cummings.
She has like a kind of a similar thing where she has to constantly be active,
constantly be doing things and I'm the kind of the same way.
I'm always doing something.
Yeah.
Right,
right.
Is this like a,
is that a comedian thing?
Like what the hell is that?
Yeah,
I don't know.
I mean like I like sometimes when I'm exhausted and stressed out I will go out
to the comedy clubs and do two or three shows in one night and people will say,
why are you doing that?
I'm like,
cause it's actually the most relaxing thing I do.
It's like being up on stage for whatever reason.
That's where I'm most comfortable.
Well,
and also it's really fun.
Yeah.
And that's,
I think people forget.
It's a hell of a lot of fun.
I got a chance to see a tig Notaro uh,
Natasha Gero and Jim Jefferies last night.
What a fucking show.
That's awesome.
The Toro is hilarious.
So first time I've seen her live,
she's really fucking funny.
Where was the show at?
The improv.
Oh,
cool.
Jim Jefferies was fucking hilarious and all my God,
Natasha luxury Arrow killed off.
She's got this Oprah bit,
I was screaming so funny,
man.
It's so funny.
But he's like to do stand up.
It's like,
it's,
you know,
the being requires concentration and you have to work out and all that good
stuff.
But when it's,
when you've got the bits and when you're actually like,
you know,
in the,
you're in the zone and everything's going well.
It's so fun.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
People have a great time.
That's the most fun thing I do.
So it's what I would most like to do.
Yeah,
that totally makes sense.
I've never canceled the show cause I was tired and yeah,
the other thing is like,
you know,
I,
I'll feel tired when I'm leaving my house.
I go,
Oh God,
I fucking fire up.
I got to be shown an hour.
But once I get there,
I forget what,
when you're on stage,
it's like everything's firing up man.
It's like,
then when you're off,
you want to go up again.
It's such a beautiful exchange too,
you know?
And I particularly,
I feel that way about like Hollywood clubs because you're not really getting any
money.
You know,
it's not,
same with New York.
I mean,
in New York City you don't the,
those are the two cities kind of probably in the world,
you know,
that were in general,
when you're working in those two cities on a nightly basis where there's
multiple comics per show,
you're basically,
you're basically working for free or very bad money.
So you're,
you're doing it for the love of it and everyone knows and everyone's doing it
also because it's like these is fueling stations like the seller stand or the
store.
These places where you go and all the other comics were there and we all kind of
fuel fuel up,
you know?
Yeah.
And also comedy is something you can't practice.
It's not like guitar you can get at home,
stay at home.
They really fucking go to guitar just by playing by herself all day.
A guitar,
but stand up.
You have to go on stage,
otherwise you're not doing stand up.
Yeah,
you have to go on stage.
Also when you're working out bits,
because they take the take a life of their own up there.
Like I'll write a bit out and I'll have like,
Ooh,
I got a great new bit.
I can't wait to try it.
But when you're on stage,
that fucker just takes turns of its own.
I think that's because your minds,
at least for me,
like my mind's in hyper drive when I'm on stage,
so I might like,
I always carry around like,
you know,
little little,
little sheets of paper with like,
that's your sheets
with like a few like words on it or something.
Yeah,
yeah.
Well these are just some random like penis faces and dude's penis is why?
No,
well that's a tongue on a dude,
but it looks like a penis guy.
But uh,
so,
but yeah,
so I like,
I'll usually have a thought or like a sentence or maybe it'll be like a one
liner and then I get on stage and then it'll,
it gets,
if it gets a laugh,
then I immediately,
I'm thinking art,
how do I extend this and take it in another direction and get another laugh,
you know?
Why do you,
do you have a ritual?
Like why do you write them on paper?
Why don't you put it on your phone?
Uh,
I don't know.
I'm just pending.
I'm more of a pen and paper person.
I am to remember shit like before every set,
I have a notebook that I bring with me everywhere.
When I do shows and before every set a lucky my hotel room,
I go have a big show that night.
I'll write out my bits.
Sometimes I'll write out my whole act.
I'll spend an hour.
Wow.
I usually that's,
that's good.
I usually,
this is usually me before headlining a show at like I get there right when the
sh like five minutes before I'm supposed to go on.
And then as they're saying my name,
I pull out a piece of paper from my pocket and go,
all right,
let's go.
Cause I'm trying to remember if you're the new,
a few new things.
But yeah,
I always forget stuff.
I do that too.
I mean,
but when I'm,
I feel like,
uh,
that the,
even though you don't have to do that sort of preparation,
the second front going over all the material,
when I do do that,
everything comes out better.
Yeah,
yeah.
No,
I,
I working,
you know,
I think you've got to work off stage and on stage,
but I tend to work a little like,
I don't know,
I saw that Seinfeld documentary and it seems like he works almost completely off
stage,
you know,
like it was like his act is written and then he goes up and says it,
that's what it seemed like from the documentary.
Um,
but I do,
I do more writing.
I'm about maybe 60,
40 where you know,
well,
as far as offstage riding to onstage riding,
you know?
Yeah.
I think you need both,
you know,
and people that don't write off stage,
I'm always like,
God,
man,
you're missing out.
Yeah.
You have to.
To get the most out.
How long have you doing stand up now?
Uh,
I started in 89.
Why did you become world champion?
That was at some point,
you know,
it's,
I'm not great at math.
That's one of my weaknesses,
but it was,
uh,
that was it.
You know,
I was dabbling in it in the,
I would say mid to late nineties but it's,
it's changed.
The persona has changed so much over the years.
It's such a weird one that we stuck with like every time I see you got a world
champion and hat on.
Yeah,
yeah.
Well it's Kinda like,
it's Kinda like when you get knighted,
like,
uh,
Sir Ben Kingsley.
It's like he's not fighting,
you know,
every day.
But he was still officially knighted,
so he's still got the title right.
And theoretically I'm still undefeated,
so I still got the title.
But yeah,
no.
Initially the world champion persona kind of started as when I was a kid,
was obsessed with a Guinness Book of World Records and I always used to try to
break them.
Like when I was eight,
I tried to break the pogo stick record.
I think the record was like 13 hours straight.
Oh my God.
And I did it for an hour straight without missing really at an hour when you're
eight is like a really long fucking time,
you know?
And I was,
I was so bored.
I was a little tired,
but I was so bored and I was,
I was just like,
fuck it aren't,
this is not worth breaking this road wreck.
It's amazing that it's only 13 hours.
I feel like that wasn't the time that was at the time,
you know,
that was in the 70s that was like in 77 this is a gang of world records that
people found out were pretty easy.
And then when it way I can do that.
Yeah.
And then they broke them.
I think there are,
there are,
yeah.
It's gotta be,
because probably people haven't even tried.
Like the Guinness Book is a fat book.
Yeah it is.
It is.
And you can like come up with a world record.
But yeah,
there's the group that does that where they come up with ridiculous things that
nobody else is doing.
And then,
you know,
it'd be like,
it would be like a,
a light rock,
you know,
I'm juggling three of these the longest she did it.
And then,
then you get a world record,
you know,
didn't Dane Cook was a Dane or was it a Chappelle?
Who did the world record for the longest show?
I think they both had it at various times and then one of them broke the other
shore who fell broke the Danes.
I think someone else that no one's ever heard of did like 28 hours.
I think it was Tommy Tiernan in Ireland.
Was they key to 28 hours straight or something like that?
Yeah.
Like okay.
It's like fucking who wants to break that?
Who's watching that show and who wants to break that?
Yeah.
This is what does it mean?
Who wants to stay up for 28 hours straight?
Yeah.
This a weird world records man.
It's like,
what is it about world wreck?
Like I remember I wrote this article once about this guy who is world record was
he had the longest finger nails ever.
I remember that guy.
He was in all the books when I was a kid and his,
their curl up and that guy has massive nerve damage in his shoulder and has a
hand that he cannot use for any,
can't use for anything,
can wipe his ass,
can't save his life.
Yeah.
And because it's heavy,
it's fucked up.
His nervous system.
Yeah.
I think he's bought his body's in balance.
It's like carrying a brick everywhere you go.
Yeah.
A brick made out of fingernails.
So I was obsessed with those things.
And then I uh,
so I think somewhere in like the early nineties or mid in the mid nineties,
I was like,
uh,
I started writing all these jokes about breaking all these ridiculous rolled
records and my act was always very joke heavy,
you know,
a lot of one liners and it was always very,
uh,
you know,
always did a lot of crowd work.
Uh,
and then I started making my own hat somewhere in the mid nineties.
And I first made one that said record breaker.
And then I thought it would be funny to make a hat that said world champion,
but not of what,
like who is this idiot wearing a hat that says world champion.
It doesn't even say what it is.
This is just the moron bragging kind of guy.
And that would also,
and it was also good because then it would lower the audience and to ask me
questions and I love doing crowd work.
So it kind of worked and it fed into these these like world record,
these ridiculous athletic achievement jokes that was doing at the time.
And then at some point it sort of morphed and it became not a guy who was
bragging.
It became like an actual real life superhero who really is this amazing athlete
and sexual creature that is just better than everyone.
And he's actually just humbly stating how amazing he is.
You know,
he'd talk about fucking Louis Lane,
you know,
in,
in front of Superman without him knowing it.
Yeah.
Those Louis Louis Lane,
it was a,
that's actually her real name.
She was,
she's transgender.
A lot of people know that the comics because of bigotry at that time never
addressed it.
The glossed over it.
Yeah,
they did.
they sure did.
Wow.
How rude of them wrong.
Yeah.
Lois is a weird name for a check.
I don't know any lotuses.
She might be the only lowest ever.
Yeah.
I don't know any lowest.
So that,
yeah.
So then the world champion kind of became this and that's what this karate book
is.
It's just the,
the real life,
greatest martial artist and athlete ever to walk the planet and who's doesn't
Brag but as just so incredible.
And then the past few years it's morphed some more were the world champion is,
I mean,
he still has that,
you know,
that is still is the greatest athlete and stuff,
but it may not be talking about that,
but he's become a person who is a champion of the world and for the rights of
the people of the world.
So,
so recently,
like the past,
I started doing shows in Europe about four years ago and,
uh,
it really kind of opened up my mind,
and my point of view,
because you know,
when you're in a bad relationship,
like you can't see it,
but all your friends can see it cause you're like too close.
But then if you step out,
then you can,
like a couple years later you're like,
what the fuck was I doing?
You know?
Um,
so when I started performing shows,
like in England and other countries in Europe,
I initially thought,
oh,
I'm going to be learning a lot about these countries.
And I did that.
But what I really started learning about a lot was my own country because you
were able to see how other people live,
step away from the way you've been living and physically be farther away.
So I started sort of just started seeing some of the hypocrisy sees and the
ridiculousness of,
you know,
just the culture and the laws that we have,
the bullshit with the government.
And so I started,
uh,
talking more about,
you know,
the past few years,
bigger issues,
whether it's,
you know,
classism,
racism,
you know,
different kinds of things.
So,
and I try to,
I still try to,
you know,
do it from the same ridiculous and absurd angles that my act is always kind of
been.
Um,
but now with,
uh,
you know,
dealing with like big issues like that because I've always liked doing like
dark,
twisted,
crazy shit,
you know,
in,
in my material and finding laughs in dark places.
Um,
and so now with like if I do,
if I'm doing bits about racism,
I love it because I love how uncomfortable the audience gets.
Like if I'm doing bits about,
uh,
like have one bit about terminology about black people,
should it called blacks that we called African American.
You should see like usually the black people were,
they're a little uncomfortable at first,
but then they're fine.
The white people are almost always terrified to be even discussing this.
And that's where I like to,
I like to get comedy out of those situations.
You know,
I've never been the guy who likes to get it out of the easy spot.
I like going to the where it's difficult.
Uh,
so I've been doing more stuff like that and I also like doing it for everyone.
I Know Democrats,
Republicans,
because I don't find that interesting.
Like if you're preaching to the choir,
I never find that interesting or challenging.
I like doing a bit about gun,
about guns and there's people on the right and the left and they're all laughing
at the shit.
That's what I liked doing and trying to do.
You know?
So,
so there's like a conch,
a conscious effort you have when you're crafting your jokes to sort of like a,
or is it just like what you'd normally just sort of gravitate towards?
These are things that normally gravitate towards,
but I try to do it so that I tried to point out the absurdity in it and to sort
of like get people to laugh at something.
And then the realizing while the fact that we are arguing over this is really
absurd,
you know,
and,
and so,
so that they're going to laugh at it no matter what.
You know what their point of view is on an issue like,
like,
like say gun control,
you know,
gun control.
Cause most people,
because both sides,
they want the same thing.
You know,
they want peace,
they want safety.
Whether you're four guns are against guns,
they both want that.
So they have something in common but they're so passionate about,
you know,
we want our guns.
We don't want the guns that they don't actually see that they actually have a
more common ground than they think.
Right.
I mean,
that's not what I preached in my act.
But you know,
I take that you know,
that knowledge beforehand that these people actually agree more than they
disagree.
You know,
it's how they go about solving the issue that they disagree.
Well,
I think when we set up two opposing camps like the right and the Left Democrats
or Republicans,
you know,
you,
you almost always have these artificial barriers that are like set up in place
for people reaching common ground.
They're all,
or they're already in place.
It's already a black and white.
It's all really good guys versus bad guys.
No matter what side you're f times their ideas and you have to oppose them if
you're on the right,
if that makes sense.
Yeah.
What,
what I think has gotten,
and I think this has gotten worse,
and I think some of it is due to the Internet,
uh,
which we were talking about a little bit before the podcast started where it's
like,
it's like nuances like gone.
It's like,
like even on the Internet,
on Twitter,
if you say one thing,
if you do one tweet and one person or one group gets offended,
you are demonized forever.
It's like you can't,
uh,
it's like,
you'll,
you'll never be the same.
You know,
like they're,
they're done with you.
It's almost like,
you know,
like when a five year old kid eats Broccoli for the first time and he just goes,
yeah,
and then spits it out.
Right.
It's like,
that's the way adults are now on like every big issue.
Right?
So you write a tweet about something that's who you are.
Yeah.
That's like,
it's like there's no room discussion.
It's
like you're evil.
Uh,
you have to go well,
it's also the,
just the,
taking someone and judging them based on a tweet is so precarious because you're
dealing with 140 characters.
You have a limit of 140 characters and you know,
a lot of times,
especially if it's a joke,
you know,
like there's so much more that you could say about that subject.
Yeah.
They would give it like it would sort of fill it all in.
I go,
here's Jude is actual perspective wryness right.
But instead they take 70 characters that you thought would be kind of funny to
put out a piece of shit.
How dare you say that about blank.
You know,
and the fact that people come to a judgment about someone's entire being
immediately and then don't even want to discuss things.
It's like,
it's like you can't progress if you can't discuss things.
Well I think you're dealing with where you're calling progressive's people that
call himself many most many people on the left or,
or when we're using labels again for lack of a better term,
are more fascist than people on the right.
Do you all feel more regressed?
Fascism can come from both sides,
you know,
and with freedom of speech,
uh,
people can,
and I'm,
I'm someone who's for human rights 100% and always standing up for the underdog.
There's actually a cartoon.
So the term fascist,
I used to think this too,
but I think the term fascist actually deals with conservative issues.
I think I'm pretty sure like Jamie pull up the,
the definition of fascist.
Yeah,
I'm forgetting it cause I've looked it up cause we're to use it.
I think people use it incorrectly because they just assume it's like,
but I have this one uh,
cartoon here in the book and it's at a college campus and it says smoking
awareness week and the right do you have a good long,
which is white and a bad lung,
which is black.
And underneath they say,
ah,
this poster's racist.
Then she goes,
let's protest.
That's like the bad lung,
which is black is not bad because of anything to do with like the color.
It's because a black lung is a polluted lung that is not healthy.
I understand.
But I'm saying,
but so some people,
I'm saying some people,
their heart's in the right place,
right?
They're misguided.
Yes.
So that's what that,
you know,
here we go.
Fascists governmental system led by a dictator having races.
I've seen more than one definition.
That's interesting.
I've seen a different definition.
Look at Webster's definition.
What do they say?
Well,
we're going to start a government ruled by a dictator.
It's cause as to do to emphasizing aggression now,
but I've seen it,
I've seen it.
Written definition.
Let's see a political philosophy.
Mm.
Centralize.
Autocratic government headed by a dictator.
Dictatorial.
That's a weird word.
Dictatorial leadership.
Right.
But see some of it is social regimentation certain philosophy that that is
forced upon people,
you know?
Yeah,
yeah.
So that is fascist then.
Yeah.
I just think there's so much with culture now.
There's such this,
there's uh,
there's the nodding,
the concept of discussing something and also when you talk to people who,
who disagree with you on something,
that's when you can really learn,
you know,
about their point of view and your point of view.
You know,
you both can learn.
I think also we're dealing with is there's a lot of people now that were
marginalized before and didn't have a viewpoint maybe in high school and then,
right.
And maybe even in college and now because of the Internet,
they've found like minded people,
they band together and then really becomes sort of thought bullies.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
I that people,
it's not about like you just said something wrong.
It's like you now have to be shamed for it instead of like,
you know,
if someone says something,
you know that even even if someone ever says anything to me about something,
it's like I want to discuss it and find out why they're feeling that way.
And then,
uh,
if I still think differently,
explained my,
my point of view to them so that they can see it.
But yeah,
I don't know.
People just,
it's like they just want to fight.
They just want to shame and fight.
They want to attack because they're afraid of being attacked themselves at
first.
That's a lot of what's going on in part of what I teach in my book,
how to be a better buddy is self offense.
Do you teach that first ask questions?
Never.
Yeah.
Shame first.
No,
no,
no.
Shame.
No shame them to death.
Maybe not.
I don't do that.
I don't shame people.
No,
no,
I'm not into that.
She,
maybe that's what your new persona,
when you morph again,
oh,
that's going to be a shamer that's insured.
You start shaming people for shit that's not even shameful.
Yeah,
I like that.
So.
Well,
I actually had recently a little bit of my act that did that a little bit where
I'm sort of making fun of it.
Like as soon as when people start clapping,
I'm like,
guys,
just stop that.
That's actually offensive to people without hands.
And then I'll say,
uh,
I said,
I,
I'd like to apologize for wearing a hat that's offensive to our friends in the
headless community.
You know,
just making fun of the people who are like way too.
I had this woman Christina Summers on who's a feminist and a,
she calls herself the factual feminist and she kind of fights against a lot of
ridiculous ideology that's going around the what?
The quote unquote feminist community where they're spouting false statistics and
fake fake studies or studies that are not real or
there's many different factions and uh,
fuck Rifra was sorry about it.
That's okay.
It'll come back to it.
Did you just say before that,
what were you just saying?
Uh,
we're talking about there's many different factions of fans on that was before
that shit.
Uh,
I was talking about the headless community.
Look,
we're not offending them.
Oh,
clapping.
That's what it was.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
Um,
she was saying that I'm a fight not for cold.
I think it brings on some hot today.
I ain't going around with everybody.
It is,
everyone's got some kind of a weird sort of cold.
She was saying that she does these shows and uh,
the where they were,
you know,
people give speeches and they don't want people clapping because the think
clapping will trigger people that have been beaten before.
So like hearing this,
yeah,
we'll trigger the idea of you be ready.
So they all have,
they do jazz hands,
right?
Snap,
snap,
nick or I read about the snapping thing.
Justin says,
and you know,
the original,
I think when the beatniks in the 60s,
in New York,
he used to do the snapping.
That was because they were having illegal shows and if they all applauded that
would the neighbor people who lived,
you know on the upstairs or the next door would hear,
they applaud.
Then they'd call the cops and shut them down.
So they did the snapping because it was quieter than cap than clapping and that
way they can still show like that,
you know,
appreciation.
Appreciation.
Yeah.
So that was the initial thing where the beatniks did it does it real?
I think so.
It's because they had illegal speakeasies where,
where there like after our shows going on and shit,
my mom used to have this really cool lamp in her house that was made with like
lead and stain glass and it was from an original speakeasy from the prohibition.
Oh Wow.
Cool.
What the fuck she did with that thing?
It was so awesome.
That's awesome.
That's cool.
I don't know if she sold it or got rid of it or what.
God dammit.
I wish I had that though cause she had it restored and put together.
I mean it's like a lamp from like 1921 or something like that.
Where,
where is she?
Where like,
um,
my mom lives in Mexico now.
Oh Wow.
And my mom,
my Stepdad,
they live in Mexico,
like found like this strange community of ex pats in Mexico.
A lot of people moved to Mexico and they get a little bit,
Jesse Ventura is going to police down there.
Yeah,
he lives in Mexico.
He's,
I want to go weird fucking,
I want to get to know Mexico cause I really don't know it that well at all.
Mexico is awesome.
I love men here.
Mexico City is just amazing.
It's very cool.
And they have a lot of good filmmakers coming out of there now,
but the pollution is staggering.
Really?
Yeah.
I took photos of it and put it up on my Instagram and a CV.
You find one of us,
you can't even believe it.
It doesn't even look real.
It looks like you're flying into a fire.
Why have friends like from Beijing in China and like,
Ooh,
that's even worse.
It's just insane.
I think that's the worst in the world.
China has,
but it,
Mexico City was so bad.
I was getting headaches there and you smell it,
you smell it when you land,
you're like Whoa,
like the Po.
And apparently they say the pollution is way better now than it was a decade
ago,
which is very hard to believe.
Wow.
Traffic there is also insane.
The traffic lights are a fucking joke and it's a free for all.
Right.
And trying to merge like look at that.
That's flying in.
That's Masco setting.
Yeah.
Like that cloud.
Shit that's,
I can't,
I was driving here,
I just read some,
I just heard it on the radio in porter ranch.
There's some kind of gas leak.
Yeah.
And they just got this camera,
uh,
the special camera that can like see gas and it's like they like the,
the,
the governor of the authorities said no,
it's not leaking.
And someone got this special camera that can like see gas and is still going
everywhere in porter ranch and 700 and 700 families have moved out and they're
like trying to like fight the government sued the government or that plant or
whatever that's doing it.
Yeah.
Oh good.
Cause I'm like,
that's not that far from here.
New Infrared video shows possible gas cloud lingering above.
Oh whoa.
Yeah,
and it's still like leaking like crazy and I'm like what the fuck?
That's the gas.
Yeah.
That's what the special cameras,
Shit that's going on now.
They had a big meeting last night and they said 700 families have moved out on
their own,
but the government and tell them to their like they were like,
fuck it,
we don't trust you guys were moving a lot of good for them.
If they've got it,
that is the last person you should ever listen to.
This very close to here.
That's the only like five or six miles.
I'm like that gas can't be just going to porter ranch.
It's not like it knows.
It's probably going right to Jamie's head.
Yeah,
yeah.
This is this fucked.
But that the government is all about trying to minimalize the impact on the
economy in these areas.
People are breathing,
they're not dropping dead on this.
Capitalism wins.
You know,
what is this lady doing with a mask on and sunglasses?
That pitch is one least.
She let the gas out herself.
She did it.
Yeah.
That's what she's done.
She's like,
she's like a bad guy that shows up at the scene of the crime.
Look at her.
Yeah.
I don't know how this gas got out,
but we got to get outta here.
Meanwhile she's got a monkey wrench.
Your back pocket unscrewing the gas gas leak controversy at Porter ranch.
Yeah.
That's not good.
No.
You know what else isn't good?
There was something I wanted to talk about today because it was so fucking
ridiculous.
I tweeted it earlier today,
there's this man who is a 52 year old father who identifies as a 16 as a six
year old girl.
And uh,
it's,
it's hilarious because I tweeted it and it's a story about this a,
he's Canadian and this guy who identifies as a six year old girl.
Okay.
And like this is a tough thing.
So He dresses up like a six year old and acts like a six year old.
Yes.
That's what he identifies as he identifies as,
and this sort of,
you know,
people don't want to admit this,
but this sort of is what's going on with a lot of folks when it comes to this
whole transgender thing.
The idea that you identify with something like being normal and healthy,
and this is the extreme of that.
You're right now do,
you cannot look at that and not think that guy is out of his fucking mind.
But when I tweeted it,
then I watch all the other people that are commenting on and online and there's
people that are very supportive of the transgender community and very supportive
of transgender rights and they,
they've hit this wall of ridiculousness.
Like w how do you respond to this now,
do you say,
okay,
that's enough.
Well,
if that's enough,
is that enough?
Well,
with,
well,
what did we do about Bruce Jenner?
You know,
how do you,
what do you,
what do you say about this guy?
What do you say about that guy who wants to be a woman or this
guy who thinks he's a fox or this guy who,
you know,
I'm a raccoon kin.
I mean people are out of their fucking mind and that's something we're going to
have to come to grips with in this,
this,
this and that stuff going to be on.
And you're trying to be progressive and we're trying to be as,
as open minded and accepting of diversity as possible.
You're going to deal with this.
I think this is awesome.
I think you should go back to kindergarten.
This is kindergarten.
First grade.
Yeah.
Seven.
I wonder what the girl wants.
How old,
how old were you?
You Fuck?
No,
she was like 25.
26.
That's a woman have,
you know,
so I went to with her but I think she had,
we went over a short time.
We don't for like a few weeks we dated,
but she had maybe more,
uh,
I think she had split personality disorder.
Was that cause sometimes she was completely normal and then sometimes she,
it was like she had no vocabulary and would speak in broken English and like I
bet you'd be talking about something.
I'll be like,
yeah,
I saw the thing on CNN and then she'd go,
what?
CNN?
I'm like,
well you have to know what CNN is.
You don't,
you're,
you grew up in New York City and you don't know what CNN is.
And then another point like,
uh,
we're talking about was talking about the New York jets game and she's like,
what are the jets?
And I'm like,
how do you,
you,
you grew up here in New York.
How do you not know?
Even if you don't watch football,
you know you're going to see an ad.
Oh that's,
you know,
on a blush that's driving by or something sex with this girl.
No I didn't.
I did it you.
And now it's all so at some point.
And then at one point we're sitting in my car and she's talking normal like
queens accent.
And then she starts talking all of a sudden like in like broken English,
like,
hi,
how are you?
Oh,
okay.
And I'm like,
what?
You know?
And then at for a second she goes,
come on,
get it together and get it together.
I'm like,
she said that to herself.
Yeah,
yeah.
To herself,
you know.
You know she's like talking to herself.
She's crazy.
Yeah.
And then,
and then she wanted to make a commitment like,
like,
like let's get serious about what,
about dating,
like being a couple.
But she wanted,
but she had something,
but she said to me,
she had something really serious,
she needs to tell me,
but she can't say it until after I say to her that I want to be in a committed
relationship with her.
Just the two of you.
Okay.
So I'm like,
no,
that's the kind of Shit you put out before,
you know,
she's got her own wells.
So I noticed like when she would start changing her voice,
talking about broken English,
it was almost like her vocabulary got worse too.
So I actually think she had split personality disorder where one was like,
she was like a little girl.
Was she hot issue.
Very good luck.
Shit.
Fuck it.
Who Cares?
Yeah.
But they don't worry about it but to go but interesting as people whose brains
don't work so good.
Yeah.
Just like some people have club foot,
right.
Some people have shitty brains.
Alright.
Right.
Club brain.
Yeah,
for sure.
Cleft palate.
Yeah.
Fucked up brain is just,
yeah.
Defects.
Dude.
I love your,
I just want to say I love the uh,
the Werewolf in London
Werewolf.
He got out pretty dope,
Huh?
Yeah,
that was a great shout out to Pat Mcgee,
this guy named Pat Mcgee.
He does a special effects for films makeup,
so that's an incredible job.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
As a mold.
He makes him for anybody who wants one can get one.
Okay.
He does a Yeti too,
is a big giant Yeti.
Cool.
He does the alien from,
I'm going to look him up cause I,
that's,
that's a really good,
yeah,
he's really good.
And that was a great movie.
Well,
he's one of those guys that believes in makeup special effects as opposed to
CGI.
I did this.
I was into that when I was a little kid.
Me Too.
Real too.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
It was to Rick Baker and wanting to do that for the movies.
So yeah,
after I saw star wars,
like the continuum,
the Cantina scene.
Yeah.
Cantina,
Cantina and Tina's.
Yeah.
Uh,
I remember saying thinking,
wow.
Like that was all bunch of masks.
But meanwhile,
if you watch that today,
it looks so stupid.
The masks are so obviously mass,
right.
They're just rubber frozen like blue people.
Well,
the movie did.
Yeah.
The special effects,
the radical movement.
I think the spaceship stuff is still great in that movie.
Oh,
it's fucking terrible.
I guess I can't see it because I watched it.
I just love it.
Well,
you know what I watched this morning?
I watched it with my kid.
I watched,
um,
the planet of the apes from 2001.
Was that the Marky mark?
Yeah.
I didn't like,
that was terrible.
I didn't like that at all.
But it was walking,
watching the special effects.
I'm like,
wow,
just 14 years ago,
special effects look like shit.
Yeah,
they look so fake.
But at the time we were like,
Whoa,
that's finally they got it right.
Space for sure.
You know that suspension of disbelief was uh,
yeah,
but now I mean like,
you know,
interstellar or something like that.
It's like wow,
they've got it.
I don't know.
Sometimes when I see stuff now,
I still like the superhero movies.
It'll be like,
okay,
here's Robert Downey jr talking to mark Ruffalo and then they put on their
superhero costumes and then it's like watching a cartoon.
I never feel like it's Robert Downey jr in that suit when he's flying around and
punching shit.
Yeah.
That's what they have to do.
The cutaway to his face with all the lights on it cause he's got the mask.
Right.
I still,
I just,
I kind of lose believability with that stuff.
I sat down with my kids the other day and we watched King Kong,
the 1933 version of say Rod.
Yeah,
great movie.
It was,
it's incredible to watch what a difference movies are like what,
what difference it is between the 1933 movie and a 2015 yeah,
I even liked the 1976 one with Jeff Bridges and Jessica Lange.
Well we watched the 2005 version as well.
I went back to back,
oh yeah,
33 to 2005.
I just showed them the King Kong scenes just so they could see the difference.
Right.
Oh that's so cool.
You're educating them and special effects.
Well,
yeah.
Well we were watching this,
what it was,
you know,
a,
I have a TV in my car,
excuse me.
And we were watching a monster sink and monster zincs.
There was a place that we're going called Harry housings and Harry housing is
Ray Harryhausen
who a famous special effects guy.
It was like a shout out in the movie to Ray Harryhausen.
Cause obviously monster's inc was an animated movie.
Right.
And so,
uh,
I was explaining to them who ray Harryhausen was and I said,
well,
I'm going to show you guys some old school animation so I can get a chance to
look at it.
Right.
And so I played them King Kong and they were fucking howling laughing.
They thought it was so stupid.
They were like,
oh my God.
There it is.
But see,
you got to get a video of it.
Pull Pacira you'll pull a video of the first time.
Yeah,
he can calm seas.
Fay Wray was the King of stop motion animation and yeah,
he did King Kong.
He did us from those Sinbad movies and uh,
it was so yeah,
she did the,
I think one of the last ones are,
last one he did was clash of the titans in [inaudible] 81 stupid.
It least got the strobing and it's obvious that they're not in the same plane,
you know,
like him,
him and her,
they're not in the same place.
Like,
and then they had the head,
there was the big head that wasn't the same thing.
It wasn't a claymation animation.
It was like a big mechanized face where the mouth open and shut and then they
went to this thing like,
look,
I'll fake it looks,
Oh I,
I just sort of ignored it and I still get into it though.
Look how good the lighting is,
man.
But for 1933,
this was amazing.
Like people couldn't believe it.
Like,
see,
they would go to this,
this was the machine at the mouth.
We just open and close and then favor.
He was screaming and yelling and even the style of acting they did was so
different the way you talk then.
Well,
what kind of a film are we gonna make it,
you know,
it was like the opposite of a lot of acting you see in like American indie films
now we're almost like,
people have no energy and it's like they have no acting.
They're just,
everyone's just walking around with a blank face here.
They really overt did it.
They've put a lot of energy into it.
Well,
I think that was reminiscent,
or w was,
uh,
an aftereffect rather of doing things on stage with no fee when no microphones.
Interesting.
Because when they,
when they used to have no microphones used to have to project,
right.
So you would have to talk like that,
right to the back of the room,
could hear you right.
And be more physical with your emotions and stuff.
That makes sense.
And so 1933 you got to think,
well they've only been doing movies for a couple of decades back then.
Especially movies where people got to Todd even not even really when was the
first silent movie or think of the Teens silent?
I think in the teens.
I think it was the 18 hundreds yeah,
I feel like 1800 was the first silent movie.
But talkies came in the twenties I think,
or something like diarrhea.
So 1933 it was all really,
really knew when they were 1891 wow.
And so 1927 when the first talkie.
So that's incredible.
So it talking about six years,
six,
six years of talkies before King Kong came out.
So they really didn't have it.
I mean that's like a 2011 movie.
I mean think about that.
What did that be cool?
I think it would be so cool to go back in time and to try to be like an actor in
those times and like being the silent movies and then crush it and then get in
talkies.
I mean you would know so much,
you would go back in time and you would think of you.
It's just like,
this is genius.
Oh,
I didn't think of it that way.
I asked about actually just living back then,
like if you were born back then back then.
I wonder how much of a representation,
how much,
how accurate the representation of people were in those films as to like what
they were really like in real life.
Oh yeah.
I know it's hard when you see people talking like that,
say Mr,
who are you?
Yeah.
You don't get a sense of what they were really were like,
yeah,
that's might have been,
I think they were pretty savage.
Yeah.
I don't think,
I dunno.
I think if you look at,
there's a bunch of stuff that happens in those movies that you don't see today,
like in movies or you definitely don't see on television shows.
First of all,
like domestic abuse.
Oh yeah,
man.
Just smack the fuck out of women all the time.
And those movies,
even in like the original movie footloose there are scenes where the main girl
is getting the shit kicked out of a black boy fire boyfriend.
And even today if that was happening,
it would,
they wouldn't actually show it.
You know what I mean?
Maybe it wouldn't even be in the right,
it wouldn't even be in the,
in the story.
Right,
right,
right.
Yeah,
it's um,
it's interesting because I think when you look at something from like 1933 even
though I don't think that's exactly how they behaved,
it gives you a window into the culture bizarre view of people from a completely
different era.
I mean,
watch gone with the wind and you'll be like,
wow,
this is like the most racist silver vein phrases.
Like,
oh my God.
Yeah.
There's a lot of those,
that heartbeat I don't like.
Are People not talking about this?
We know what else is racist as fuck man.
Peter Pan.
Really?
Yeah.
Peter Pan,
the original Peter Pan Cartoon.
I was playing it for my kids and uh,
we were like,
Whoa,
like about my native Americans thought need.
I've seen some of those cartoons.
Oh my God,
it's,
it's angering and embarrassing.
You know?
It's like,
you're like,
wow.
Yeah.
And that was the normal shit that everybody saw.
The old Popeye's are great too.
I've been watching those old great cartoon.
They are great.
Especially the black and white ones.
Those are like,
oh,
today's a violent,
violent as hell.
And had pharaoh is always trying to rape olive oil.
Yeah.
Literally like riper.
Like kidnapper.
Yep.
Yeah.
They don't show his hips thrusting.
Right.
Apparently everything else is in there.
Like he's grabbing her and she's screaming.
He's pulling her away.
Yeah.
It doesn't even talk.
He just,
he just wants and shit.
Yeah.
But the violence is so prevalent.
It's like Jesus Christ cartoons were all about violence back then and they were
great.
Well,
the weird thing is you can still watch them,
but you can never make them.
Like you could still watch my brothers cartoon.
She could still watch Wiley Coyote and writes bunny.
But you could never make a cartoon like that today
and put it on television.
We would have to be a niche market,
I guess.
You know?
Well,
it wouldn't be for children.
No,
no,
no.
Not for kids.
But isn't that amazing?
That was where we grew up with.
Yeah.
We'll look at it like some schools,
you know,
they,
they're not supposed to play dodge ball anymore.
It's like,
it's too dangerous.
We're becoming pussies.
They're getting kids' participation trophies.
Fuck is that.
There's a re,
you know,
it sucks to lose.
Okay.
That's how you get better.
Yeah.
You can't keep your kid look bad.
And the lower income kids who grew up lower income,
they don't have that issue because they're like,
you know,
they're still barefoot and there'll be a five year old kid riding an adult,
10 speed,
no helmet on.
You know,
it's like,
that's like,
I like when I lived way out in Queens,
you'd see that shit all the time.
You know,
like,
you know,
Latino kid just,
literally like four years old and on a 10 speed,
no shoes,
just cruising down the fucking street.
His parents,
yeah,
you don't see them anywhere.
Just let that kid out.
But he's fine.
She's,
most of them come back alive.
It's just about numbers and he's,
he was good,
you know,
that'd be like an adult riding like a 10 foot bicycle.
Well New York is interesting in that way that you get to see so many different
styles of parenting.
So many different styles of just living all jammed into one area,
stacked on top of each other,
different boroughs,
but all the sort of same central location.
It's not as diverse as it used to be.
It's really becoming a boring kind of city.
It's so,
yeah.
And that's happening.
Well I deal with that.
Some of my book here where it's like you go to like one block,
we'll literally have,
there's a cvs right next to a rite aid and then a block away there's a Walgreens
and then there's like five banks like on that block.
And it's like,
that's all there is.
You know,
and it's like,
it's like,
it's turning that way,
like everywhere.
It's like it's become such a wealthy city.
Uh,
it's,
it's just become,
that's interesting.
Come boring.
You know,
like even a,
they're all like some,
you know,
like when I look at la now and New York at late to me seems in many ways more
diverse than New York does because,
you know,
I think an apartment in La is probably half,
50% cheaper than what it is in New York,
if not more.
Oh,
okay.
So it's just sort of priced everybody out.
It's classism basically.
So it's like the only people I know,
doctors in New York City who live in Jersey because they can't afford to live in
New York City.
Whoa.
You know,
so it's like,
it's because the finance people make more money than anybody,
you know?
Funny.
Yeah.
All they're doing is moving numbers right now
because I finally deal the number of fun cause I was always like,
what are these guys do?
And then I finally realized that they make money.
Like what?
Like,
like you do comedy and then people come to the show and you get paid like that.
That's a service you provide.
But those finance guys,
they make money.
That's all they do.
They,
they,
they don't do anything.
They just find a way to make more money.
That's all they do.
Well,
they didn't even make it.
They just,
yeah.
They don't physically make it.
Yeah.
They move around.
They move around but take some from
themselves.
Yeah.
Giant chunks of it.
We made a big deal today.
Would you say you moved ones and Zeros for nonphysical place to another
nonphysical place?
It's crazy,
but they make all the fucking money and there are a lot of them are fucking
barbarians.
I used to work out with a lot of these guys that,
um,
became stock market guys.
They became stockbrokers back in Boston and they were fucking animals.
There were savages.
And then I ran into one of them,
these worn a suit and tie and he looked great and I was like,
what are you doing?
Like what the fuck?
He goes,
hey,
I'm stocked broken now.
I'm a stockbroker.
And he was just making all this money in the stock market and just doing coke
and punching people and that's,
it's a crazy business.
I mean there's like no morals at all in that business.
And then a lot of the shit they do I think is illegal in other countries.
You know,
it should be,
I mean,
look at what the,
the infamous market crash of 2018 what was that all about?
Nobody got prosecuted.
Yeah.
It's kind of crazy if,
if you look at,
I mean how much of the same laws are still in place that allowed them to do that
and allowed them to set up the,
the whole subprime mortgage loan crisis thing.
It's like when you look at what that actually was,
is like a gigantic pump and dump scheme.
Yeah.
But for the whole country,
yeah.
It's,
it's this crazy that no one went to jail.
No one that,
that's another thing we're doing.
Or both parties,
both parties are there.
They're not that different.
You know,
they get marketed as,
they're so different,
but they're really not that different.
You know,
they,
they basically work for whoever has the most money.
I think socially their debts social at that,
that's the only area they're different.
But,
but financially they're,
both of them are just corrupt,
feeding the same,
feeling the same shit.
You know,
they don't work for people.
They work for mega corporations that have billions and billions and billions.
Well that's the only way you can get into the White House unless you're a Donald
Trump guy.
Yeah.
Unless you have your own money where you can finance your,
I don't even think he has enough money to do it.
I don't hear it.
I don't even think he does really.
I don't think so.
Yeah.
I just said that I think the money,
that the money that you're talking from these corporations is much more than he
can have as an individual,
you know?
Um,
and I think most,
I think the biggest reason,
uh,
that he's been able to get his message out so much is how much free press he
gets.
Right.
You know,
it's a good point.
It's like the news is always taken whole.
I don't know.
How does he keep getting?
How's he keep being ahead?
I'm like,
you're all he fucking shows.
It's right.
It's like he's getting hours of free advertisement every fucking day.
I've never seen a political campaign where they actually go breaking news trumps
giving a speech in Iowa and then they just showed the whole fucking speech for
an hour while they're hoping he says something wacky Muslims never happened
before where they actually just show an entire campaign speech,
you know,
and then like,
wow,
I wonder why the other Republicans don't have that much,
uh,
volts because you don't,
you didn't even fucking show 30 seconds of their campaign speech.
To me it seems like,
and I don't,
I try not to watch this stuff too much.
It's until it gets down to the last couple of months of the campaign,
but it feels like that what Donald Trump's doing is sprinting.
Like there's a marathon going on and he just came out of the gate running as
fast as he can and like,
he's winning like,
well,
you can't keep that up.
Yeah.
We can't keep that up.
And,
and his,
the way he's talking,
it's almost like he's trolling.
Like when he said he wants to ban on Muslims coming into America,
I'm like,
what are you talking about man?
You can't what you gonna Ban Muslims?
All of them just cause you can,
you can't have a religion because what,
wait a minute.
What percentage of the people we talking about that are blowing things up and
shooting people?
Is it even one 100th of 1% probably not.
No,
it's not easily.
Not like,
but you're going to ban all the Muslims that are coming.
Go to what the fuck and then out of his fucking mind and then he did a speech
about it.
They asked him and he goes,
well,
what I'm talking about wouldn't even have to be for that long.
Like what are you talking about?
He goes,
it just yet until we figure out what the hell is going on.
Like he's just speaking these sort of vague terms.
It's like,
I feel like he's trolling.
I don't feel like he's a real serious candidate.
Yeah.
You almost hope it's like in six months he's going to not,
he's going to withdraw and just say the entire thing was like some kind of
bizarre performance art thing,
you know,
just,
just making fun of our entire media at big Joaquin Phoenix political,
uh,
you know,
arena.
You know,
it's just because the news media is just,
it just,
you know,
I mean I don't like them and I think they're fucking horrendous period.
Well what they are as a business.
That's what I'm saying.
And let people don't realize,
you know,
during the entertainment business and that's what's entertaining guy like Donald
Trump is entertaining but they shouldn't be labeled.
Yeah.
They shouldn't be allowed to be called news.
You're right to Fox News and Canada really,
I think they were not allowed to be broadcast in Canada unless they were called
labeled as entertainment and not newness.
Why?
I think so.
That's just,
cause someone told me that recently,
the girls that they have on that show it too distracting
too many.
But I think that should be the way with,
you know,
90% of the news,
because it's just,
you know,
it's,
it's not about giving you real news.
It's about getting viewers.
Yeah.
I mean,
you know,
there's a lot of really interesting things that are going on in the world.
They're not going to cover it because it's not going to,
it's not going to attach to your reptilian brain.
Yeah.
So I'm going to your,
your,
your mind is just like,
when things are slower,
you know,
if there's some missing a eight year old white girl,
that'll be the,
that'll be the new story for two years.
I mean,
how many brown kids get killed every day?
Nothing.
One little cute white girl with pigtails gets scooped up in a van.
They're finally doing that a little bit less now.
But for you know,
decades.
That was the main news thrust.
It works.
Yeah.
That's the thing.
I mean,
this Donald Trump thing,
it fucking works.
You have that kind of TV,
you're going to get people to pay attention.
Yeah.
It's sad.
It's sad,
but it's,
it is what it is.
But I think today it's sort of opened the door for all these alternative news
sources.
Yeah,
you have,
if you want to get real news,
you really have to put effort in.
It's not going to just show up on your television.
Well,
the Internet is going to look for a fantastic resource now because you can get
all sorts of unbiased perspectives and perspectives from all these different
sides.
You also get misinformation,
so you gotta be careful.
But yeah,
there's a lot of stuff you can get all over the world.
You know,
you can do,
you can go online and watch news from other countries and see how they report.
One of the cool things about New York though,
as opposed to La,
is that New York is not a show Biz Bay city.
Correct.
Yeah.
It's uh,
it's more diverse that way.
But I tell ya more and more and more a just feels like a finance city.
Keep hearing that man.
You Giuliani,
Giuliani for eight years.
And then we had Bloomberg for 12.
Now legally you're only allowed to be a mayor for eight maximum.
And then Bloomberg was like,
well,
I want to change things.
And uh,
so they did a new vote and,
uh,
it was just amongst,
I think other politicians and he got voted to be allowed to go a third term.
That's hilarious.
Yeah.
So,
and I can Obama do that.
Yeah.
I don't know,
but yeah,
but at Bloomberg and Bloomberg was interesting cause you know,
he,
he's a Republican and very conservative in some issues,
you know,
especially financially.
Uh,
but then on some other issues,
um,
he wasn't,
uh,
so,
you know,
he,
he was,
he was good and bad and Giuliani did good and bad things to,
you know,
I mean for the arts,
Giuliani was horrendous.
You know,
he wasn't a,
he was closing down.
They found a loophole from the,
some law firm,
the 18 hundreds,
about how you,
you can't have dancing,
you have to have a dancing,
you have to have a cabaret license if anyone's going to dance at a bar.
So if a couple people just,
if you wanted to put on,
if there's a bar and they have an extra room and you want to put on a comedy
show,
uh,
or something,
and someone's dancing in a,
or a sketch comedy show on someone's dancing in a skit,
they can shut you down.
Yeah.
So he started acting laws like that.
So he started,
he started actually enforcing that heats.
Are they started enforcing that?
Yeah.
Wow.
What was the purpose behind that?
Like why did he,
why did he want to do that?
What was his motivation?
I don't know.
But you know,
he also close a lot of the strip clubs.
Uh,
he enacted this,
I think it was either the 60,
40 or the 40 60 law.
And for awhile there was a comedy club that was,
so basically if you had a strip club,
he changed the laws so that now only 40% of your place can be a strip club.
60% has to be another business.
That was a lot of,
yeah,
that was a lot of soul.
So wait a minute,
what does that mean?
Like you could sell hats.
Yeah,
yeah.
Or you know,
you just,
you just have a,
like I remember for awhile when they closed from the porno theaters in Times
Square,
this is,
these are places that go back pre-internet,
you know,
where you actually go to a movie theater to watch a porno.
Cause I used to be the only place you can fucking watch one and it's just,
you know,
a bunch of depress guys know,
jerking off or waiting to jerk off,
you know.
And uh,
so,
uh,
I went to one of those after they had closed the porn and they were,
it was a short period,
I think it was only like a few months or something and they were showing,
uh,
so they were just showing like old John Wayne Movies and shit.
And there were still just like 30 guys in there.
Just,
you know,
most of these are guys on edge.
This is like 20 years ago,
guys on edge and like homeless guys just sitting there.
It was,
it was maybe the most depressing thing.
I had seen more,
I think guys were thinking they were still like,
I'm,
I was wondering like,
do they think they're still going to show the pornos cause it says it's a John
Wayne movie or are they just like they're just holding on and hopefully that
like loud,
maybe they'll sneak a porno in there.
So it was,
it was one of the most depressing things I had seen,
uh,
but be able to show that the 60,
40,
la,
and I remember there was a comedy club for awhile that was in one of them.
I can't remember,
it was called string fellows or another one.
It was around 21st street and Broadway,
which is,
you know,
a business and residential area.
It's not like a scenario where there's just tons of porn,
so you have like,
you know,
expensive apartments and other business stuff.
And then,
oh,
here's a porno place.
And,
uh,
I mean a strip club,
you know?
And so basically,
um,
60% of it became a comedy club.
And,
uh,
but they still had strippers working there.
And it was such a weird feeling,
but it was,
I'd never felt more safe at a comedy club because they still had all the
bouncers from the Strip club there.
So it's all these guys in like Tuxedos,
these huge dudes in Tuxedos.
And the stage was like really high.
Uh,
you know,
so cause it's designed to be looking up at strippers,
you can't grab you.
Yeah.
So and then downstairs we're lockers where the strippers were like changing and
shit.
So you have to be like seeing them down there and how bizarre.
Yeah.
And then you just go through like a little swivel door and then you're in the
Strip club.
But that didn't last too long.
But they had to do that for a while cause they had it,
they are the act of these new laws and they had to do something.
Data is so strange.
So this is,
uh,
this is a new law or was it,
no,
this was,
this was when Giuliani,
I bet.
I think the 60 40 was a new law that he enacted.
But what that doesn't even make any sense,
but is it 60% in terms of revenue or is in terms of physical space of this
physical space?
Here it is right here.
A legacy of the Giuliani era.
New York is 60,
40 rule,
uh,
forces any adult business to devote more than 40% of its square footage to adult
and attorney.
Ma'Am,
no more than 40% to adult entertainment.
Meaning the Strip clubs must fill the other 60% with non adult business
endeavors.
This is why the Penthouse Executive Club has Robert Steakhouse in New York.
Dolls has a bikini bar.
Front Lounge.
What an asshole.
Yeah.
So what an asshole.
That most of them,
I'm
just fucking went out of business and they're gone.
They're just gone.
You know what a shit.
But I remember going to New York and like 81 and it was so cool.
You would see cats,
you know,
the big Broadway show catch and then right next to it,
the sperm donator.
And it was just like,
I love,
I just love that,
that variety,
you know,
that dichotomy of seeing,
the grungiest shit next to the highest end shit,
you know?
And it was just,
it was exciting,
you know,
but now it's just,
it's just corporate,
corporate,
corporate will change.
Change,
change,
change.
Yeah.
But it almost,
it's almost like,
like time squares now I'll just chain places,
but now that's becoming,
you just see it spreading throughout the whole city.
Yeah.
I like,
I overhear college kids,
you know,
and they're,
they're excited.
They're like,
oh yeah,
my dorm.
So great.
Cause there's a Panera bread,
uh,
right next to it and uh,
and there's a quiz knows,
uh,
you know,
right nearby and I'm just like,
fuck.
You know,
it's like,
it's hard to even get a good slice of pizza in New York anymore because,
uh,
much water,
two things happened.
Um,
1640,
no,
not the 60,
40% porn.
That'd be cool.
You're business has to be 40% or 40% tits.
Yeah.
So what happened with the pizza is,
well,
first of all,
Manhattan and half of Brooklyn,
hardly any of the people that live there actually from New York anymore.
She don't even like you don't have,
so you have people moving from the suburbs so they don't really know good pizza.
So they're not really New Yorkers.
They're just kind of live in there because they're making a lot of money now.
Yeah.
So instead of like,
you know how La is very transient,
everyone,
like I was voted most beautiful in high school,
so I'm going to go to La and try to become an actor or an actress,
you know?
Well,
New York is now,
uh,
I got good grades in school and my dad works for this firm and that firm hired
me in New York.
So that's why I'm in New York,
you know?
So it's,
uh,
it's changed a lot.
Like almost every girl I've gone out with in the past seven,
eight years is either finance or a corporate lawyer or something like that.
And because that's,
that's who you meet,
you know,
it's like,
I don't meet anyone like here in la.
Everyone I meet is doing something in arts or entertainment or are trying to,
you know,
and in New York it's,
that happens maybe five,
10% of the time.
How bizarre.
So it's just a gigantic financial city now.
And that's what's Bloomberg.
It cause he has,
that's his background.
And his goal was to make it the financial center of the world.
And I think he kinda did,
you know,
cause when I first started doing comedy in New York in the late eighties and
early nineties,
you know,
uh,
cause I moved to New York in [inaudible] 87 there was always,
you know,
the Wall Street guys,
and,
but that was down in one area and Wall Street.
And now that,
that business is throughout the whole city,
you know,
so it's,
it's a,
it's grown and uh,
it's getting hard to reverse.
Yeah.
I don't,
you know,
can,
you can sort of gentrify an area,
but taking an area and making it like more local and independent and,
and getting like artists and stuff.
And I look,
yeah,
cause I think even,
I remember even years ago,
comics and you know,
you know,
and some people might say,
oh this is sex wherever,
you know,
I think it's just guy locker room talk.
But to have arguments who's got hotter chicks,
New York or la I remember was definitely sexist.
Yeah.
And we don't allow that on this show because you can't talk about feelings.
So anyways,
so I've met,
so eras,
you know,
comics we used to,
you travel around you,
but you always have the argument who's got the hotter chicks,
New York and La and some in Canada is very hot.
Very much so.
So they um,
uh,
so like it used to be like,
it was always close,
you know?
And then some guys would always look good with La.
Some guys would say New York.
And now I think if you would have to place the vote,
I think la would win easily.
You know,
cause uh,
New York you don't,
you don't see the variety of,
like you used to see women from all over the world.
So the,
the,
you know,
everyone in the planet,
you'd see women,
you know,
it was beautiful women from everywhere and it was just,
that you don't see this variety anywhere.
But in New York you would see it.
Now you don't see it that much and you know,
you,
you don't even see a lot of interesting fashion walking around the streets of
New York.
He used to always see that,
you know,
because if everyone's working in finance,
that's,
you know,
that's not the most fashionable bull group of people.
You know,
they're not interested in that.
The worst when you,
in terms of like artistic people and in terms of like creative people.
Yeah.
Like if that's going to take over,
that's going to be the worst for that.
It'd be for hotness you mean?
No,
I mean for having diversity,
for having people,
for having an artistic people like that.
There's a lot of industries that could move in where things can be kind of cool.
Like if the tech industry moves in,
like San Francisco is a good example,
right?
A lot of money in San Francisco and a lot of people are complaining,
but a lot of weird,
cool shit is there too still.
Right.
Like a lot of freaky people.
It's interesting.
A lot of the people in tech are unique and odd and eccentric.
Right?
You're not getting that and finance not getting,
not your native types.
No,
no.
And you often,
when you meet him,
you know,
in a lot of them are nice to,
the,
that they usually kind of heckle themselves,
you know,
say they're boring,
they work on their job or whatever,
you know,
but,
but it's one of the clubs like,
well,
the clubs are doing well because you have a,
you know,
the city,
since it's gotten safer,
uh,
the tourism is up,
you know,
and a lot safer,
much safer than it was 20 years ago.
Much,
much safer.
Yeah.
It's,
you know,
it's,
there's not much crime there.
Uh,
there just isn't.
That's incredible.
Yeah.
You know,
cause I mean,
if every,
if one bedroom apartments are anywhere from $500,000 to one point $5 million,
uh,
and that's a one bedroom that's probably 70% smaller than a one bedroom in la.
It's like a,
like a,
you know,
a new,
a new one bedroom in the village in New York will be,
uh,
well over a million dollars.
Yeah.
We,
we,
we thought about my wife and I thought about getting a place her at one point in
time we were like,
maybe we should move to New York.
Maybe be a good thing.
Maybe we to try something different.
We're looking at apartments that were three bedroom for 5 million bucks.
It's insane.
That's crazy.
You can,
you can buy
two houses in the Hollywood hills for that.
Yeah.
It's a fucking apartment.
So you don't even have a yard.
You don't even have a parking spot.
And also those apartments,
unlike if you buy a house,
they have the building monthly maintenance fees,
which can be easily,
you know,
two to three grand a month and that's just going out the window,
you know?
So it's like,
it's like owning and renting at the same time era.
That's the way I put it.
It's like,
so like for years I've been thinking about buying a place and then I'll look for
a few months,
then I'll get frustrated,
I'll quit.
And then the next day stay there.
I don't know,
I think for,
well,
you know,
my,
my folks and my brother there in Maryland and DC,
so I kind of want to be close to them.
Um,
and I,
you know,
every time I come to la I always,
because I lived out here for a couple of years and then early two thousands I,
I keep thinking,
oh,
maybe I should just move here,
you know?
So I just,
I don't know where I'm at the point in my career.
Like,
I don't know where I want to live.
Yeah.
It was fun to Ethan Anthony Bordain.
He was like this longterm New Yorker.
Yeah.
And he was like,
you know,
kind of like when I think of New York,
I think the guys like,
yeah,
sure.
Yeah.
He was telling me that he had thought about it many times.
But living in La,
yeah.
I'm like really?
So I think people are recognizing that there's like a weird shift that's going
on.
Yeah.
Well people,
I remember,
you know,
1520 years ago,
the big thing with,
there's always been this sort of,
you'll love hate with La and New York.
You know,
I always notice like it seems like there's always la comics seem to have a
little bit of a fear towards New York comics.
Little bit or a little bit,
sort of like respect where I've always known it even with like club owners,
it's like,
well,
or even with actors even notice a little in New York actor,
I mean the divine didn't know stage.
And then even with with,
with,
with la it's like,
oh those New York guys,
they're going on,
they're getting on six,
seven times a night.
They're just in New York.
Cause they just want comedy.
They don't,
they're not interested in other stuff.
And I'm like,
you guys are really exaggerating things a lot.
It's like,
first of all,
you,
you can't be doing six and seven shows a night every fucking night.
It just,
you know,
once in a while you can do that,
but you're going to go fucking crazy if you do that.
And then just geographically,
getting to all those spots on time is not fucking easy to do unless you have a
pill.
Berta helicopter you around the city,
right.
Trying to sell.
So I,
most comics just aren't doing that many.
You know,
New York City does have more comedy clubs in La,
but,
um,
and the city's also geographically smaller,
so you can get to them.
But if you're doing,
let's say you do four shows in one night,
you're probably going to be spending,
uh,
to just to get to those,
you're going to need a cab.
So you're probably gonna be spending,
you know,
40 to 50 to $60 a night and you're probably making seven fifties,
you know what I mean?
So,
so it's like,
there's not that much.
So,
yeah.
No.
I also think now,
compared to when I lived here in the early two thousands the,
the comedy scene in La has grown.
I think it's very healthy here and,
and I think it's much better.
The store is like rock and every night and they got fire and they got three
rooms
and they're all great fucking rooms with each and each one has a different
personality to know.
What's crazy this year is the first year the store has been profitable in like
forever.
Wow.
Did I believe it does last year?
It's crazy.
I mean,
Adam's done a,
you know,
best.
He's amazing man.
I fucking love that guy.
It's so cool having a guy who's like the talent coordinator who's just a
regular,
like he's my friend,
that guy.
It's very rare that anything like that ever happened.
He's the best.
But you know,
I mean,
of the two cities in America,
you know,
La in New York has the most comics and the best comics,
or there's a really underrated scene where Denver,
I,
you know,
a lot of good comics come out at Denver.
I believe that dance odors from there,
uh,
can't think of who else.
Right.
When Curtis,
one woman,
right,
right.
She's the best.
She's an animal.
That chick,
she's on that place forever.
She's been,
what?
She's,
she started working there as a waitress at the comedy works.
That's awesome.
And then she established,
when she started taking over,
she established like a whole system,
like an open Mike system,
but a system of taking people from a open makers to making them MCS to making
the middle acts and making headliners.
She's got like locally made headlines.
That's awesome.
Like legit comics that go on and they go on the road and it's amazing.
Well I think at that point you bring up is interesting cause I think you know,
years ago there were,
there were like a few main cities if you want it to be different or do
something,
entertainment,
there's too much New York and La and now it's like there's,
or even if like,
let's say,
you know,
if you know 40 years ago if you wanted to be gay,
you would move to one of the big cities.
Right.
You know,
but now it's like every city has their gay communities,
like little town,
you know,
buffalo has a big gay community.
Don't you think that's the internet is a big part of that I find.
Yeah,
I do.
And I think just,
uh,
but I think that the fact that other places have gotten better is also another
reason New York has gotten more generic because if you're a freak,
if you're a Weirdo and outsider,
people would be like,
move to New York,
move to the big city,
get away from the small town.
Now you can find cool shit in your small town.
Right.
You know,
so you don't,
so it's not attracting that as much as the interesting people's it used to for
that reason,
which is great,
you know?
But then the finance thing and then the,
with everything being so expensive,
I actually think there's,
La has a lot of interesting people moving to it and living in La,
I think la has a lot of cool shit going on in entertainment and an art,
you know,
it's,
I think so standup comedy,
I think it's the best place right now I think is the best place as far as the
amount of talent,
the amount of like really high level people there and the amount of like really
good clubs.
It's the best.
It's hard.
Yeah.
I couldn't say which cities better.
They're,
they're both excellent.
Um,
New York still has more clubs and there are different kind of club though
they're smaller or they're much smaller stage.
It's much smaller,
much smaller,
smaller stage also lends to a different style
of comedy.
Does it,
does more personal?
More like where are you from sir?
Like that kind of shit.
Yeah,
less,
less movement.
Small state.
I liked comics in general.
I mean these are big generalizations,
but in general a little more physical.
Um,
yeah.
So it's,
you know,
it's interesting.
I don't know.
But I think all the three of the main clubs or are doing quite well in La,
you know,
they definitely are not doing that good.
Oh it isn't.
Okay.
You can go to the laugh factory on a many a night and it's half half frill it
cause when I lived here in the early two thousands,
that was like the happening club.
Yeah.
Improv in the store.
We're kind of struggling.
This store and the Improv are killing it right now.
The improv has two clubs now.
I know I did their little room,
uh,
when I was here last month.
It was great.
Yeah.
It's really cool how they've set that up.
That's a smart move the way they've done it.
That's how it used to be a long time ago.
How real.
That's the actually where Ari should fear started off his powerful arch for your
tee shirt.
And I know I saw that our shift fear started off his,
uh,
this is not happening.
Show.
Oh I didn't know that.
He started off in the annex,
which is like this little side room and he nurtured it like this that showed
that he has on comedy central is a genuine hard work success story.
Yeah.
Because we'd already did is he had this concept and this concept was,
um,
this'll be a good way to generate new material if instead of being under the
pressure of like punchline,
punchline,
punchline and doing the standup sense,
let's do something where he'd just tell stories,
right?
Like,
here's a crazy fucked up story that happened to me and out of that story,
maybe there'll be some jokes,
right.
They'll be some something that you can mine that.
So he,
uh,
he did that and then eventually went to do it on the web that it on the web and
then eventually comedy central picked it up and now it's on its third season on
it.
That's awesome.
It's amazing.
It's beautiful.
And it's just a matter of like growing,
you know,
putting it together or it,
it grows nurturing it more growth.
Just,
just being able to have space like La,
like New York,
there's no space here,
this space.
Exactly.
Even if you look at podcasting,
I mean,
I'm not an expert on this,
but it seems to me that it started basically in La,
it's an la kind of movement,
the podcasting,
and if you look at the big podcasts for comedy,
you know it's La.
I remember like when I would,
when I first started coming out here in like,
like probably like late nineties early two thousands it was weird.
It's like comics would come at the story you're like about new car,
New York comics.
They didn't move out here and they basically just stopped doing comedy because
it was too hard to get on what enough places to get on.
And then before he knew it,
they're just going out every once in a while or every week,
you know,
getting drunk and doing karaoke.
That was like the thing.
Yeah,
it seemed like there was a lot of,
cops were always going out doing karaoke.
Like when I first moved here,
came down and the like,
who live with hanging out with,
I don't know.
There's a lot of fucking comics that were doing that.
And I'm like,
I'm like,
no,
I'm one of those people.
I don't want to fucking do Karaoke.
I want to do comedy.
I'm not coming down here and do that shit.
You know?
But then at some point it's like,
and also there's more free time out here.
It's like New York.
You're constantly
just,
I'm not talking about conferences as a person,
you're constantly rushed.
Like what?
Like what,
it's just a busy city.
It's so congested.
It's like,
it's hard to relax,
you know?
Here you can relax,
you got space,
you can get privacy,
you can relax.
Like when people in New York on vacation,
they usually want to do something boring.
When people in la going on vacation,
they want to do something exciting ecotourism,
you know what I mean?
So paragliding.
Yeah,
so there's more.
But I,
I really like,
uh,
and the audiences are a little different between New York and here,
but a New York really only has,
even though it has like probably 15 comedy clubs,
there's probably only about three that are like actually good.
I think he has a lot more than 15 I think New York has a shitload of comedy
clubs.
Yeah,
I don't know.
I think there's more than a hundred.
No,
no,
no.
Not fulltime comedy clubs.
Know what?
Find out Jamie.
Yeah,
maybe.
Maybe it was New York.
I don't know.
That's a lot though.
Hedge your bets.
What'd he say?
What's the over under?
I'm going to go 19 I'm going 50 okay.
I went with a hundred just to be cocky.
I say this but la has,
I mean if you look at la they probably have like eight now.
Right?
Well in the greater la area there's quite a few like you know what's really good
and I just started doing the new Haha cafe in north Hollywood.
I did.
They have a new one?
Yeah Dude.
I did it last second at night and now I'm doing it this Thursday night.
The Gospel of fucking incredible.
I'm going to swing down there.
It's perfectly set up.
Low ceiling packed in that years ago I remember the old one.
Yeah.
Every time I went there the stage was at a different spot.
Like the guy was constantly redoing it.
Well I got to check that out.
The old one is just down the street from the new one,
just down the street.
Is it still there?
Yeah,
it's still there.
So there's two of them.
Yeah,
but one of them's a ha ha.
One of them.
Something else now it's like the same owner.
No,
I think he still owns it and he leases it out to somebody.
But the new spot is a gem.
The new spot is one of the best clubs in the city.
Awesome.
Perfect.
I was like,
wow,
this place is fucking Hoppen.
That's cool.
Yeah.
I did it last Thursday and I was like,
wow,
I'm sold man.
Let's,
I will nurture this place,
keep this place going.
That's awesome.
When I prepared for my last comedy central special last August,
I was doing the ha ha all the time.
Oh cool.
I was doing it like every Tuesday night for like a few months.
And you were doing it like a long set,
right?
Yeah.
Cause you can fuck around there.
You got to do the wrong sets there.
And then there's flappers,
which I don't,
I haven't done that yet,
but her bank,
yeah,
I've done it once.
It was really good.
But uh,
you know,
you can do that.
The Ice House,
which I'm doing tonight,
I have a 10 show there tonight.
That place is the shit.
Yeah.
Everyone loves that.
I haven't been there yet.
You haven't been?
Not yet.
No.
You around tonight?
I don't think I can tonight to show.
Yeah,
I think people down 10 o'clock.
Okay.
But tonight it's sold out.
It's a Greg Fitzsimmons,
Tony Hinchcliffe.
Uh,
Bert Kreischer.
Cool.
And uh,
who fuck Alex.
I wrote Al Magical too.
Oh cool.
I'll tell the show.
I love a show.
God Damn it.
Yeah.
But the ice house,
the oldest comedy club in the world,
the known world
is maybe the universe,
the whole universe.
The oldest comedy club.
Yes.
Is the oldest place.
It was a legitimate ice house,
like where you would get ice back when people didn't have freezers.
Yeah.
Oh,
you get a chunk of ice and you put it in the ice box and the right to keep your
food perishables cold.
And then in the 1960s very early sixties it became a comedy club.
So it's been a legitimate comedy club for more than 50 years.
That's awesome.
Yeah,
it's the abashed that's my favorite place in the planet next to the store.
The store is different in different places cause it's like this crazy psycho
energy gym or you know,
you're fucking around and you're working and you'll bring up,
you know,
there's like a million great comics.
You bring it up being an Edwards and this guy and that guy.
And it's like,
it's just,
you look at the lineup and it's like 13 murders.
Yeah.
Well,
yeah,
no,
it's great.
It's,
it's,
uh,
yeah,
I,
I enjoyed doing that.
The audiences are always,
it seems like they always,
like,
I can't quite put it into words what the differences are,
but they're always the west coast in general,
like a little bit different than east coast audiences.
But the [inaudible] seem to be more cynical.
Yeah,
of course.
In a gold,
the little less squeamish,
like the darker shuttle a bit more sometimes,
but not always,
you know?
Well,
I think to just the cold and the,
you know,
the Dang packed in and to just everybody just jammed on top of each other is
more,
is more like anger there.
Yeah.
Well,
although are they let it out more?
Sometimes.
Sometimes I think it was more anger in la,
but it's more pent up.
There's something about New York though,
when I stay there,
whenever I'm staying there and I'm in a hotel and I look out the window and I
just see this insane construction,
this thing that people have put together,
this modern beehive cement and steel and glass,
like this is amazing.
Especially at night.
Like I,
last time I was there,
I spent a good solid two hours just sitting at the desk in my hotel room looking
out the window,
just looking,
just looking.
Where,
uh,
where were,
where did you say?
I don't remember which one.
Oh,
last time was at the Trump tower.
Um,
but I've probably stayed a bunch of different Soho,
Soho,
one bunch of different places,
but I forget which place I was at.
I was at one place once where I was in the middle of like all these buildings
and it was,
it was like freaky.
Like you look out the window,
you're looking at somebody else and they're looking out the window.
Yeah.
His fucking buildings stacked on top of buildings to get privacy.
There's almost no,
I mean how many people watch people fuck in New York?
Yeah.
Gotta be really common.
There was a radio lab podcast about that.
It was really strange.
It was about this woman and she was telling the tale of how she watched this
couple and she would watch this cop all the time and it made her kind of feel
weird about her own relationship cause its couple,
they were young and they would fuck all the time and they would,
they didn't have the curtains drawn,
they were just fun.
She would just watch these people fuck.
And then the guy got sick and then like the family would be over and she was
watching this like with her weight and then he died and then they carried him
out of the building and as she saw us,
yeah.
Over the course of I want to stop watching a long time.
So she,
well she kind of,
it was her window tells her view and then it's like I look out my window and
there's a tree that I like to look at you.
Right,
right,
right.
Yeah.
That couple,
she ran down stairs as they were taking the body out and putting it in a hearse
and she know she like made eye contact with the girl who lived with the guy and
they taking the body out and she just felt like such a creep.
But she also felt like she knew them.
Like it was like had a relationship.
Yeah.
They did it with her,
but she did it with them.
That's a uniquely New York thing to happen because anywhere else,
like you'd be a fucking creep.
Like you'd have to be some guy without,
she's still a fucking creek,
but yes.
I see what you're saying.
I don't think she is.
I think she's just looking at her world.
Look,
I don't think it's her responsibility to look away when some people are fucking
and they're 30 yards outside of her window and they're in a window themselves
drawn display.
Will we pretending you're right.
Windows are meant to be looked at through a looked out of and looked into it
correctly.
It works both ways.
I don't think she's a creepy at all.
I think she's looking at her world,
but it was interesting how she had she,
she was really good at narrating this and the gray.
Yeah,
I think they had cool movie.
Well I don't know about that and depress the fuck Outta here I think because in
the end that dude dies,
you know,
there's no heroes in that movie.
But she ran downstairs and like made eye contact with the P and they were like,
what the fuck are you?
And she's like,
Oh God.
I realize like they don't know me,
but I know them and I'm a creep.
I gotta get Outta here and then just took off.
But that's super common in New York where people like,
oh,
there's the guy,
there's the guy who practices the trumpet.
There's the guy who jerks off.
Yeah.
I wish I had,
I don't have any neighbors like that,
but that sounds awesome.
Do you look out your window?
There's definitely a building.
There was like an expensive building right behind mine and,
and you look at it and you can just see everyone's stuff,
but I hardly ever look out.
Yeah,
why wouldn't you?
You don't look out at those?
Cause they can,
they'll be able to see me.
Yeah.
Then it's like now hat on and especially if I,
then I,
then if I get recognized and there'll be blogging about your,
yeah,
why are you looking at are fucking apartment from again,
then it will show is that world champion guy.
I lost my thing and unplug that thing.
We've got to fix that,
Jamie.
That's happening way too often.
I go,
damn,
I got to,
it's all good.
We'll get you on the Paul.
Um,
yeah,
that's,
that's a weird way of living.
Stacked on top of everybody.
Like everywhere else in the country.
Pretty much other than,
you know,
Chicago and some other spots.
Most people were sort of,
they have a house and a little bit of a yard and then there's another house over
there and a little bit of yard.
Yeah,
you get some privacy.
It's weird how like they just decide one area is the area,
like everybody get here,
get here.
Solyndra is a river
that has gold,
salmon swimming.
Initially that's what it was.
I mean if you look at almost all big cities,
they're usually on some body of water.
But now it's,
that's not really why it is.
It's just,
yeah.
Well there's other places that don't have a reason other than the fact that
they're cool,
but people are flying and you're like Austin,
Texas,
the middle of Texas.
And every time I go there I'm like Jesus Christ to what?
Did a thousand people a day move here for the last 15 years?
Like what the fuck is going on?
Yeah,
but that is what's happening now.
They keep hearing like I'm fucking up right now by saying Austin is awesome.
It is an awesome.
So they've been doing that for years.
Where the people who are from there like,
fuck,
stop telling people about this getting too crowded now.
You know.
And that's the thing that pulls people there is the university.
Yeah.
That's another thing that pulls people like likeminded people,
intelligent people,
educated people.
And then they're also like,
it's out of all of the areas in Texas.
It's the most open minded,
the most diverse.
Right,
right.
Yeah.
No,
that there's a live a lot of good food there too.
Oh yeah.
Taxes has great food,
period.
Fuck yeah.
I don't think,
I don't think you can get a bad meal in Texas.
You can definitely get a bad meal in Texas.
Have an animal.
You can do it.
I'll get you there.
Okay.
I'll get you in.
Well,
do you work in Texas at all?
Yeah.
What do you,
what clubs do you do?
A Cap city cap city.
I'll do the Moontower festival.
Have been there in a while,
but uh,
the club in Dallas or Addison.
Addison.
And that's a really good club.
Yeah.
Houston used to be the shit.
Years ago.
But I don't really go there anymore.
I haven't been there in awhile.
I've done colleges in round,
you know all over Texas.
So you still do colleges.
That's like a big debate with comics these days.
A lot of comedians don't want to do colleges anymore because it's just too
difficult.
Too much politically correct attitude.
I don't really have a problem with it.
I really haven't had a problem before I go on a or sometimes before I agree to
do it.
You know,
I asked them,
you know,
if there's any restrictions and sometimes there's no restrictions at all.
Sometimes there are these structured restrictions.
Well usually they never give it to you.
They'll be like,
well we want HBO.
Uh,
no that's a SNL is fine but not HPL.
And I'm like,
what the fuck does that mean?
Who says that to you?
Sometimes people running shows or whatever,
they'll be like,
you'll be like,
uh,
you know,
rated higher but not rated X.
I'm like,
what the fuck does that mean?
You know,
I didn't go.
I need specifics.
Like I go,
can I say fuck,
can I say pussy?
Can I say I remember I did a show.
This is like early on when I first started and it's part of like 91 or something
like that.
I did a show,
I think Christmas Zilli booked it.
Who owns Gotham Comedy Club in New York.
Good Dude.
Yeah.
So he,
he was booking a show that was way out in Brooklyn and,
and all Orthodox Jewish neighborhood.
And it was a show where the rabbi is,
it was an Italian restaurant in Orthodox Jewish.
It was a kosher Italian,
like seafood restaurant.
I think it was a little seafood restaurant.
How is that even possible?
Yeah,
so,
so everyone there is orthodox Jewish or even they had a fair amount of Hasidic
Jewish people there and the rabbis in the room and they had a sheet printed out
of all the subjects in words you could and could not say.
It was like,
don't say Schmeichel,
don't,
don't say sex,
don't mention sex,
you know,
all these fucking things.
You know,
I'm early on.
So it was like,
I think it paid 25 bucks and you know,
it's like an hour train ride out in the brook.
I'm like,
fuck it,
I'll do that shit.
So,
uh,
and it was,
you know,
it was not a good show,
but I just remember that thing of how like,
okay,
they spelled out every fucking thing that you could,
that you could not say.
So it was very clear.
So there's never a controversy,
right?
So when I find new a college,
I'm like,
what can I say?
You know,
what,
what can I not say?
Can I,
can I do any jokes about a,
cause I've done Catholic colleges,
you know,
can I do,
can I do a joke about abortion?
Can I do joke about gay marriage?
You know,
I've,
I've some bits about gay marriage and you know,
that's with the Catholic church,
that's a big thing.
So I'm like,
I'm like,
I need specifics on subject matter and words.
What is it?
And I get that and then everything's fine,
you know,
but he's got to get that shit clean.
Is that fine with you right now?
Like if they give you a list right now and they said,
okay,
look,
no summer pass on.
But what I passed on,
I can't remember.
I think,
I think there was a Jewish gig I passed on because it was,
it was,
uh,
I think it was just,
um,
I can't remember what it was,
but it was,
it was for some,
it was a very specific group and it was just,
I knew there was like,
there were like so many things you couldn't,
you'd have to give like this,
you know,
they should've just had a kid playing the flute or something.
I don't even have a fucking comedy show,
you know what I mean?
And have have,
uh,
some 10 year olds tap dance or something,
you know,
kosher place.
I wish you took a photo of the aisle.
I think I have it somewhere.
I,
I've,
I have a pack rat,
so I'm hoping I have it somewhere.
I gotta look through my notes.
If you haven't emailed to my,
well put it up on Instagram.
But it was,
it was amazing.
That needs to be,
that needs to be displayed.
But I understand that like even like when you do,
you know,
if you're going,
if you're doing like even with late night talk shows on television,
I will usually pass on doing stand up on those and if I can,
I will do panel because in stand up they're going to,
they're going to be so many things in my standup back that we're all,
I have to cut something.
Uh,
I'll have to not say a word or a certain subject matter and I'm like,
I don't want to cut that out of my standup.
I don't want to censor my standup act adult like I want to do is zero censorship
with it.
But if I'm doing panel and then wanting you to do some bits on the couch,
it's a little bit of a different dynamic,
you know?
And it's like,
I'll,
I'll more likely do that.
I'd rather sensor there and do it in my standup act.
It's also interactive.
Right,
exactly.
So it's a little different.
Yeah.
And you're a guest on their show and these are their rules.
So if I know that going in,
I'm fine.
But with those talk shows when they want you to like,
oh,
can you not say this word on that standard bid or not that seven among like fuck
it,
I'm out not doing it.
I'm not doing any censorship with my standup.
Do you know that's why I was,
it would say like doing these shows.
So what the colleges will you,
yeah,
I'm sorry,
go ahead.
Go ahead.
No,
that's all right.
Go ahead.
No,
they pay a lot.
You know,
colleges pay well in general and I weigh it and I'm like,
all right,
if this is going to be at this,
this is what it is.
You know,
like I did a show at Princeton a few years ago and this is a different issue and
it was,
I mean,
a lot of the crowd was like a shitty audience.
They were like,
you know,
not all of them,
but a fair amount where very,
very spoiled,
very entitled and drunk as Shit and they're heckling.
And normally I would just fucking destroy him.
But I'm like,
if I heckle one of these kids and I fucking rip them to shreds,
I'm in my head.
I'm thinking they're going to write a fucking ladder,
you know,
and then then you know,
nasty letter saying,
oh you did all these things and then they're going to tell all these other
colleges and then I'll like just fucking stop working.
Um,
so I handled the heckler but not how I would normally,
how normally handle it.
That is why people don't want to get other colleges.
No,
I get it.
I get it 100%.
When people don't want to do that,
I eat,
I usually,
I usually find a way.
So in the law and the ones I've done this past year,
I haven't had to censor anything that I do.
They've all been really good.
So well that does happen.
Dealing with a lot of people that don't have a lot of real life experience,
they're very young.
I've often said stick a 50 year old janitor.
We'll have a better sense of humor that a 19 year old Harvard student,
you know,
because you know,
first of all,
comedy Iq,
comedy smarts doesn't necessarily have anything to do with book smarts and real
life experience is huge.
You know,
I sometimes I find college audiences to be almost more narrow minded that even
someone in high school,
Oh,
somebody in high school,
even though there are a couple of years younger than someone in college,
they don't have that because usually when people get to college,
they,
they kind of think they know everything.
But in high school they don't think they know everything.
And college they do.
So it's like they can never be wrong.
Well,
they're ready to establish themselves as independent adults.
They're ready and they're ready to reinforce their ideas on you.
Excuse me.
What you're saying is bullshit.
Yeah,
the patriarchy.
But I also,
I also make fun of that Shit.
You know what I'll do colleges,
you know,
if that's you're coming up,
I make fun of that Shit,
you know?
So that shit is important to make fun of that.
That's a goddamn cancer thought.
Yeah.
Well that one cartoon in the book,
it really is,
it's like thought cancer is a disease.
This disease of fake progressiveness.
It's not.
It's really just calling people out on things and finding targets.
Well,
it's kind of like when a,
when a kid is young and he's first learning about,
you know,
curse words and 30 words,
he's just saying them constantly.
It doesn't even know what it means to sometimes when,
when people are trying to like stand up for something,
uh,
and this is a new thing,
this activism is a new thing to them.
They don't really know.
They may not be that good at it yet or like their heart might be in the right
place,
but they're being misguided in their fucking shit up.
Yeah.
That's a good way of putting it.
You know?
So that I think,
and then sometimes,
and I,
this goes back to,
we were talking about earlier where people never think they're wrong,
you know,
and it's okay to be wrong,
like my opinions change on things over the years.
And I enjoy listening to people.
Like I did a show in Columbus,
Ohio at a comedy club there,
I forget,
I think it's a funny bone or something.
I did a show there.
It was the weekend that the Trayvon Martin case was going on with George
Zimmerman.
And the,
uh,
I,
it was a show black jokes.
No,
no,
but I've jokes about gun control,
you know,
and so,
and it was the verdict came down that night and the show's going on and then the
next day,
and I still did buy bits about it and I'm talking to guys afterwards and there
were a couple guys in the audience,
a black guy and a white guy who are all super pro gun and they both work for the
biggest online gun seller and the country.
And it was just very cool,
you know,
talking with them afterwards and getting their insight as well as people who,
uh,
you know,
one,
strict gun control.
So it was just,
uh,
it's interesting,
you know,
usually things aren't,
there are a lot more nuanced than you think they are and there's a lot of
issues.
I just did a gig in buffalo and the waiter at the comedy club,
uh,
it was like,
Hey,
I'm,
we'll see tomorrow on Saturday cause hunting season starts tomorrow.
So me and my dad are driving out the woods and we're going to be hunting all
day.
And then,
and then the,
uh,
the Uber driver who took me back to the airport was also hunting.
And then he was telling me all the rules they have in hunting.
Like bullets can only be a certain size and it can then your rifle,
you're only allowed to have three bullets in there.
You're not allowed to have five bullets in there.
And it's got to be certain bullets that that,
but like shoot through clean so they don't,
if you hit the the wrong place,
it's not going to fuck up their whole leg.
You know,
all this kind of things that you don't even realize that are out there.
boats are these,
well I think it's kind of like with fishing,
like there's a lot of fishing laws where you put your hook,
your hook is not allowed to have uh,
like those,
I forgot what they're called.
Like the little daggers that go along the side.
Cause when you pull it out.
Dot.
The barbs,
you don't want to do fuck on the fish shop.
This is for teching release places.
Right,
right.
That's what I'm talking about.
There's no catch and release with bullets.
No,
but there was something he was saying about,
but it was a civil,
it was a similar dynamic with with the catch and release stuff with the hook
hollow point bullets if that's what they mean.
But those are mostly for pistols anyway.
There's lead ammo versus Copper Ama Wilk.
Really the impact is environmental.
They're worried about birds eating.
Okay.
That's an issue.
Right.
Okay.
But what you're saying are things that most people don't even know exist,
you know,
which is part of the conversation in gun control.
You know,
that's,
that's I think the gun control conversation in the hunting conversation are very
different.
I think what
people are really concerned about when it comes to gun control are quote unquote
assault weapons.
Worried about like what happened in San Bernardino.
Somebody having large magazines,
semiautomatic weapons,
killing a bunch of people in,
you know,
cities versus suburbs and rural places.
It's totally different.
Sure.
If in a,
if a rural area and people are like,
will everyone owns guns?
That's a hell of a lot different than if you're in a city and in one block you
have 10,000 people living,
right?
If you have 10,000 guns,
you know,
within 30 yards,
that's a lot of fucking guns.
That's a different dynamic.
And you know,
so I don't know all the answers.
I feel like one of the things you were talking about earlier about like these
people that are activists that really have their heart in the right place,
they just learning how to do it right.
I think that that Q could say that overall about what's going on with the
Internet in general.
I think one of the big problems that people are having right now with um,
progressive thinking and what people are calling regressive but po regressive
left.
Like people that are like very overly PC and trying to reinforce.
I think what we're trying to do is make the world a little bit better and a
little bit safer and a little bit more open minded.
But along the way,
he's going to be a lot of stumbling blocks and this is going to be a lot of poor
representations of these ideas.
And you see it from the right to,
I mean with,
with Trump and some of the things he's saying,
it's like,
you know,
he's,
some of these things are so caring.
Cartoonish.
Yeah.
But,
but everyone,
but even like what he's doing is similar.
What happens is sometimes on the left where everyone is so confident about their
idea and they think this is the only way,
and it's like,
it's usually a lot more complex than that.
Yeah.
Almost always.
Almost always more complex than that.
There's a lot going on.
There's a lot going on with human interaction and I think ultimately like we
should probably try to leave people alone as much as possible.
Let people do their own thing as much as possible,
as long as what they're own thing is,
isn't an interfering with other people.
Still agree 100% that way.
When someone,
something like radical ideology,
like Islam extreme,
you know,
Muslim terrorist type characters that are doing what they did in San Bernandino
and these other places,
you got to go,
okay,
well now it's a problem because now you know someone has stepped in and killed a
bunch of people and they've done it with guns.
So we have these issues,
we have these issues of radical ideologies and the,
we have these issues of guns and we also have mental health issues.
That's a big one.
That one drives me fucking crazy that every time someone is a mass shooter and
kills a bunch of people,
the gun control issue comes up over and over again.
But what about the fucking mental health issue?
Because the mental health issue is as big an issue as anything else.
There's a lot of people in this world with guns is more guns in this country
than there are people.
But relatively speaking,
there's very few mass shootings when you consider the amount of human beings.
So what the fuck is it that makes people pop?
Yeah,
I dunno.
I mean,
I've,
the stuff I've read recently says that gun shootings in general now are lower
than they were 10 or 20 years ago,
but mass shootings are up.
Yeah.
You know,
a murderer is down.
Murders did the lowest murder rates.
I tweeted this the other day,
lower than they have been in the last 50 years and maybe even ever interesting.
But mass shootings,
there's more of them.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Uh,
all of us,
I don't know all the reasons.
I don't think anybody knows.
They also get publicized.
Now we're in a like a very instantaneous way.
Social media,
Twitter.
I mean,
I remember when the San Bernardino thing was happening,
my,
I just started seeing tweets.
Yeah.
If there was the first thing,
you know,
he just immediately get,
oh my God,
something's happening in San Bernardino.
What's going on?
Hashtag San Bernardino.
It's trending.
Trending.
Trending is a weird word,
right?
Yeah.
That's very,
we don't want to be trending.
Going to be trending now.
Judah,
world champion,
Hashtag Judah world champions.
That was trending.
Yeah.
That's not bad.
Judah world champion rape case.
Nah,
that's not good.
Not good,
but know that know all that,
you know,
I don't know all the answers to them.
Nobody does.
But that's the reality is nobody knows that it needs to be discussed and with an
open mind and intelligently and people need to hear other people's ideas,
all sides.
You know,
it's so,
so,
but you know what's fascinating when a mass shooting happens,
one of the big winners is the gun had been business.
The gun industry.
Oh,
their sales go through the roof through the roof because everybody's scared that
the government's going to take the guns.
Yeah.
So everybody starts buying guns and those guns salesman in,
uh,
in Ohio on that kick that they were said through the roof,
you know?
Yeah.
It's also the,
they always like to point out that those things don't happen very often in
places where you have open carry as places where anybody can have a gun,
you can take a gun anywhere you want.
It's very rare that you have these interest mass shootings.
But I mean,
if there is a mass shooter,
if there's someone that's shooting people,
what do you want?
Do you want everyone to be unarmed or do you want everyone to be armed and just
having fucking crazy gunfights yeah,
like what is the answer?
I don't know what the answer is.
Yes.
I mean,
do you really want to live in a society where everyone has to carry a gun?
Walking into Walmart with a fucking ar?
You want to give all headlight?
Yeah.
At what age would you be required to have a gun?
You know,
is it like when you get your driver's test at 15 or 16 is that when you get your
gun also or do you get your gun when you're six but that's another problem is
how easy it is to get a gun as opposed to how easy it is to learn how to drive a
car.
If you're driving a car,
you have to go through a lot of hoops and you have to learn has a should be,
you don't have to do that with a gun.
That's a problem.
It's a real problem.
You don't have to show competency.
You don't have to,
you know,
they don't have to test you on your marksmanship or any of that.
I think cold bear did just did a thing the other night saying it's you have to
show more id to get sudafed than to get a gun.
Especially ammo.
There's more restrictions on sudafed than there are an ammo.
That's what it was.
Yeah.
I had to buy some recently and when I bought
it or they had to get,
they had to get my id and I was like,
what?
Like you have to write down someone's Id when you buy sudafed and that never
used to be that way.
Just go buy sudafed.
Oh yeah,
totally make a,
that's what we need to do.
Go back to the ace.
No Internet.
Everyone was still,
the Internet's the fucking problem.
Yeah.
The Internet has recipes for how to make meth from cold syrup.
Remember when you started doing comedy,
did you ever think you were gonna have to be doing tweets and shit like that?
We were talking about that before the show.
We were both tweeting,
but yeah,
no,
I mean it's,
it's a prerequisite.
If you want to be a successful touring comedian,
you have to tweet,
you have to Facebook,
you have to do,
I do three things,
Facebook,
tweet,
Instagram.
Those are my three things.
I don't really do Facebook anymore.
I just couldn't.
I just kind of,
I did Instagram,
Twitter,
I just started doing periscope a little bit,
but I gave up on periscope.
Usually I've done a few in each one.
It was me on the road like in a city and I have no car so I'm just like walking
a mile to like the closest like cvs or gas station supermarket to buy some
groceries.
So like,
so the 20 minute walk I'll be like,
all right,
I'll just fucking periscope this shit.
Why don't you just rent a car then?
It's a good point.
But then I'm not really going anywhere,
you know,
go places.
Not really.
Cause I usually on the road it's like I have to get up early to do morning
radio.
I got shows late at night and I'm just,
I'm usually too tired to do anything during the day.
Why don't you take some vitamins,
eat some healthy food.
I do eat healthy food.
No,
I eat healthy food.
I don't do vitamins.
By do healthy food.
When you're on the road,
you bring your own openers.
Not usually.
I'm not at that point in my career where I can really,
I'm not making enough money where I can do that.
You know?
I need to get up like another rung on the ladder and then I can be doing that.
I think I'm like just full television show though.
I know,
but I never translated anything into successful business.
Just,
yeah,
just didn't do it.
I don't know.
I'm just not a good business person.
You know?
It's like I remember her,
like I remember doing this one show,
like a,
it was a road show and a bunch of comics were on it and like there's two comics
who were like,
they didn't even have the better of the sets and they're selling tee shirts that
got their cds or selling left and right.
And me and a lot of color,
like,
you know,
no one's even talking to us,
and we had great sets.
But yeah,
I'm,
that's not,
I don't know.
I've never been good at selling stuff or organization or anything like that.
Yeah.
We just see you just go on the road doing your thing,
getting the fuck out of there.
Yeah.
I tried,
I'm trying to like get to see the cities more and learn about it more instead of
just going in and out,
you know,
you're looking to do more TV or just looking to do more standup now?
Like what are you trying to do?
Well that's a,
I think I'm going to stand up has always been my main thing and still is.
Um,
I spent most of the last year,
uh,
when 30 rock ended,
actually I,
I stopped,
uh,
I didn't even have an acting agent.
I uh,
I and I wasn't looking for one and I haven't had an acting agent about two
years.
Uh,
when 30 rock I,
I just wanted to hit the road
and tour cause I was still doing tons of stand up.
I'll do in 30 rock,
but I wasn't allowed to do go on the road much cause we were filming in the
city,
so you know,
like eight or nine months out of the year.
So I just went on the road and that's all I wanted to do.
And then with the sort of constant sleep deprivation of traveling and you know,
morning radio and morning TV shows,
I started actually drawing again and that's when I started the book sort of like
came out of that,
you know,
after several months I realized I had like 50 cartoons and I was like,
wow,
I think I'm working on a new book here.
And so I wasn't planning on that.
That's just kind of organically came to me.
So I spent the past most of the past year,
a year and a half working on that.
And then doing standup,
I turned down a fair amount of acting stuff that came my way.
Um,
and now the next big project I need to do as a stand up project.
Uh,
but there will be a special or a 90 minute feature length standup concert film.
and then I'll do an album with it because I still have never put one out.
You know,
I probably shouldn't,
nothing.
I should have had probably five out by now.
Years ago.
I turned him down from comedy central because I always,
well this was,
this is probably like 10,
15 years ago,
I turned them down because of their censorship stuff.
I didn't,
now they're much looser with it.
Obviously they looser.
But then it was like,
there were subjects you couldn't talk about a lot of words you couldn't say.
And I'm like,
fucking,
I'm not doing it.
And I also never liked their ownership clauses where they owned,
they didn't just own that film.
The footage of you,
they owned all the writing and it also,
you know,
so if I wanted to,
if I wanted to do,
let's say I had one joke from there and then I wanted to do that on my own
album,
uh,
but I've like one line,
but I've added three new lines to it.
And you know,
they either wouldn't allow you or you'd have to get lawyers and fucking get
permission.
So I was like fuck it.
So and then I've been trying to make my own for the past couple of years and
then this book project sort of presented itself and then uh,
the,
so the,
at this point the only thing stopping me is May.
So,
and I think I have so much material I know I can put out,
I think what I'm going to do is just put out my recent most recent hour.
But yeah,
I can,
I can put out,
I can go back the material I don't even do anymore and then put out probably two
or three others,
you know?
Yeah you should do that.
And you should just bang out like three specials in a year.
I might do that.
Yeah.
Or maybe one or one special and then two other albums or something.
Cause it's so important if people want to go see you that they can see something
online.
Yeah.
Find something that day.
Netflix along those lines.
Some clips online.
That's it.
But I don't have like any of the half hour hour stuff cause I always turn that
down.
I think a lot of it was fear based too,
because I also have a lot of trust issues with people.
Like trust me,
I do,
I do trust jr I'm trusting anything.
No,
but no,
I respect you and trust you.
Um,
but it's like,
I,
um,
you know,
so I have a lot of trust issues,
period,
you know,
and then some of it's because I've been fucked over a lot,
but that's okay.
But then there's also the,
my own perfectionism,
it's like,
it's,
oh,
as soon as you tape it,
then I'm going to think,
oh,
I have this one other junk that goes on to that one.
We want it in there.
I want the,
I want it perfect.
And he got,
you can't aim for perfect.
You got to just go with what you got at that time.
And that's what that show represents.
It's gotta be a representation of what you're doing right now in this one time
where,
this is filmed,
example,
December of 2015.
Bambling this is Judah Freelander Bam,
this,
it exactly.
But it's,
it's hard to do that.
It's hard.
It's hard to nail it like that and locking in and,
and then not say,
ah,
but I could've done this.
I should have edited that out.
And that part was flat,
right.
Take chances.
And then the other like blockage of my own area of mental blockage was,
uh,
I'd,
I'd much better with that now,
but for a few years ago,
I used to never have it.
Then a few years ago it kicked in was like that fear of like,
you know,
basic little like not just trolls but like,
bloggers saying,
oh this shit son.
Like they are going to shit on it.
And then,
cause you know,
if so many people,
like,
like if one blog says you,
you stink than all the other ones are just going to basically rewrite that one
and then write the same fucking article.
And then before you know it,
you have all the fucking Internet saying you stink.
Or like the whole hipster half of the Internet saying,
you suck.
So I never used to give a shit what people think,
but at some point,
several years ago,
that kind of happened to me.
So I was like,
it did happen.
Yeah,
it did it.
Whereas it's just constantly like I got a lot of anxiety,
like thinking if I put something out,
they're going to shit on it and never went,
wait a minute,
so I'm going to suck and then I'm not gonna have a career.
Know this happened because someone shit on you or you were worried about someone
shitting on you?
I was worried about it.
Yeah,
I was looking at her happened.
No,
well no,
I've,
I've had,
I've had reviews where people like,
like just completely shit on me and it's all,
none of it's factual,
you know what I mean?
It's basically like a professional troll,
you know?
Uh,
but,
and you're always going to have that though,
man.
Yeah,
I know.
Yeah.
I've gotten much better with like not worrying about that shit,
but for,
you know,
three,
four years,
four years ago I was,
I was having that really bad,
you know,
and I don't know what it was.
I,
I think it was all kinds of trust issues,
trust issues I was having personally and stuff.
Cause I remember like when 30 rock was going on,
I'd go out on a date with a girl and then like 30 minutes in the date,
um,
she starts talking about her boyfriend and I'm like,
whoa.
I'm like,
what are you talking about?
And she's like,
Oh,
I thought we were just,
you know,
going out for dinner on like friends.
And I'm like,
I'm like,
I asked you out,
it's Saturday night.
And I'm like,
so,
so I go to like,
are you like,
are you,
are you cheating on your boyfriend and you're not in them anymore?
Like he is,
he had a town or you guys have an open relationship.
She's like,
no,
he's here.
I'm like,
well where is he?
And she's like,
I got the apartment.
I'm like,
well fucking go.
Damn.
What the fuck you doing over here with me?
You know how many times this happened?
That happened a few times.
Where like where girls would like want to like go out with me just to take
pictures so they can like tell their Facebook friends.
Oh,
so they
became friends with you because you were on television.
Exactly.
So that romantically interested in you?
I think when that stuff was happening,
that's also,
I don't know,
I'm just guessing here.
I don't have the exact answers,
I'm just thinking out loud.
But I think that's maybe sort of around the same time when I started worrying
about like bloggers and shit,
like shitting on,
you know,
my friend,
uh,
Eddie has this theory about bill Cosby and about a bill Cosby when he started
doing that to women and he thinks that that might've been the similar type of
situation where these women wanted to be around him,
but they were turning him down.
Okay,
Gotcha.
And he started drugging them,
then he started raping him.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
I never did that.
I just left.
Yeah.
You're much better man than him.
But you know what I mean?
Like,
no,
that just,
that can happen where someone's attracted to you simply because you're a famous
person or hey,
this is a girl that I'm romantically interested in it.
I'd like to go anyway.
And they say,
yeah,
then you're at dinner.
So fucked up.
Fuck man.
So you're,
you're talking to this girl,
you go,
Hey,
do you want to go out to dinner?
And she's like,
yeah,
that sounds good.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
And then all of a sudden you're on a date and just telling you about her
boyfriend.
Saturday,
it's 10 o'clock.
Yeah.
And you're thinking,
yeah,
look at you.
I'm
just going to get some all right.
And she's like,
yeah,
my boyfriend's waiting for me.
Yeah,
no,
that,
she just casually mentioned him about something.
Oh yeah,
my boyfriend and this or something.
I'm like,
Huh?
What?
Yeah.
And this happened more than once.
I remember one girl,
I remember one girl.
What did she,
I'm trying remember what she wanted to do.
No,
no,
she wanted to,
it was something like buy jewelry now.
I can't remember.
I think I was,
it was time out New York magazine,
they put me on the front cover of their like dating issue and they're,
they're like a holy spout dating and they headed thing of the on the thread said
like date this guide.
I'm like,
I'm like on the cover.
They like,
oh,
I'm fucking in.
Yeah.
So,
and I remember one girl I think saw that and then she,
she liked Facebook,
me or something like that and was saying low.
She wants to meet me and the southern.
So she wanted to go,
she wanted to go,
she wanted to write articles.
She wanted to follow me on a date and then write an article about it.
That that's what she wanted to do.
And I'm like,
why the fuck would anyone want to do that and why would I want to fucking do
that?
It's like
I wouldn't want state wants you to meet a random girl,
go on a date with her and she's going to hang out with you guys.
Cause
she wants to get a cause.
She's like an aspiring writer,
so she wants to try to get,
you know,
articles written online.
So her way to do is to latch onto a famous person.
Right.
So there's always,
you know,
that kind of Shit,
you know.
So I uh,
and I had no,
and before any of that shit,
I always said trust issues with people.
So then that would make it even,
where's your trust issues come from?
If you are going to be doctor.
No.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I don't know what a psychologist does is always your whole life you've had this.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Always with authority figures.
I've never gotten along pretty much in a new consider women authority figures.
No,
no.
That's just,
you know,
it's just a relationship.
So how many different
girls did that to you when you went on dates with him and they said they had
boyfriends while there's that one I can think of.
Uh,
it probably happened like two or three times.
That's really weird.
Yeah,
that's super unusual.
But also,
but it'll happen after shows all the time where a girl would be really flirted
with you at another company.
Like,
dude,
you should jump on that.
I'm like her boyfriend's right there,
you know?
Yeah.
It's like,
you know,
she'll be flirty with me.
And I remember one time,
one girl was like taking her shirt off,
showing her boobs,
hope me and God freer there.
This outside of the seller and a,
her boyfriend's right there.
He's taking photos of us doing it and stuff and other freaks.
Yeah.
You know,
some people are just that way,
you know,
and other people are going to do,
do you guys should go with that governor?
Like her boyfriend's taking the photos?
No,
I'm not going to fucking,
there's always gonna be people like that.
People that,
yeah.
I have a friend of mine that went with this girl and the girl told him that she
had a husband and the husband watched and coached her while she was blowing my
friend.
That's,
that's really weird.
Shit.
Deep.
That's the shit.
I don't want to get involved with deep weird pool.
Yeah.
I don't do that.
Yeah,
I was saying to him,
I said,
how did that feel?
Gay?
She's like,
he's directing your pleasure.
The whole thing range.
That's just bizarre,
that whole thing.
But some people are into bizarre shit like that,
man.
Not me.
No,
no.
Some people are into weird shit though,
you know,
but I don't know.
I think,
you know,
so much of culture is so,
uh,
like,
like even if you look at social media,
Instagram,
Facebook,
Twitter.
If I wasn't trying to promote my shows,
I wouldn't be on any of that shit.
Right.
Yet.
Everyone's on that shit.
That's a good point.
You know,
like why are they on it?
Like if you're on it and you just want to follow different people sort of get,
you know,
get some like you know,
ongoing kind of entertainment,
you know.
But it's like,
like when people just take photos of them selves at the beach or their food and
they posted,
I'm like,
what the fuck are you doing?
What's the point?
That's a really good point.
I've,
you know,
I don't think I've really thought about that.
Like I get why we're on it.
I don't get what anyone else is on it cause I've been in entertainment for so
long and social media is just something that sort of came along the way.
What would I be doing?
Would I be even using if,
if I don't think I would know.
I got into my space to promote gigs I got,
I mean to Facebook for the same and 12 same.
That's really interesting.
And the Instagram,
same thing.
Like I know some people and they just follow,
they'll follow like their favorite like musicians and their favorite comics and
there,
you know,
so they're on their scroll.
They're getting some info and entertainment like throughout the day.
I understand that,
but,
but if you're actively posting,
I don't,
I don't know if you know what?
It's almost like everyone has their own show basically.
That's what the world's become.
Everyone's has their own shower,
their own reality show.
Yeah.
That is what it's like.
So,
yeah.
I'm sorry,
go ahead.
Go ahead.
No,
please.
no,
no.
If you're in the show,
no,
no.
I've,
you don't have to wait time.
It's all right man.
It's just in bed.
Who were you saying don't feel bad when we saying all if a girl,
like some of those girls,
like from a few years ago,
it was like,
it was almost like,
you know,
the date was me guest starring on their jazz.
Exactly.
You know,
and I can maybe get them ratings,
you know,
that's a whole bunch of likes on their photos.
That's what it was like.
You know,
I went with the guy from 30 rock gets me thought he was going to get laid.
Ha Ha,
lol.
I don't,
sometimes I don't even think they're thinking that.
Like,
I don't even think that occurs to them sometimes.
What other dumb,
well,
I don't know.
I think they're just so into like,
oh,
this'll give me,
people are going to like this photo.
They're not thinking.
I don't know that they all actually think it affects you as a person.
So it's like trolls don't think it affects you as a person often.
You know?
They're just like,
they're,
you know,
they're just talking shit.
They're just not thinking about it.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
They're just using you as a target for their anchor.
Right,
right.
They don't view you as a human for the girl she's using.
Use the target.
You're a celebrity.
You're on a television show that she enjoys.
Look,
I'm here with him.
The guy from the thing,
I'm amazing.
I made magic happen.
The guy from the boxes is,
and he paid for my food.
It's a perfect impression.
Is that what she sounded like?
Perfect.
And then my boyfriend's has and then my boyfriend's has and he doesn't like you.
I don't know why.
I never,
whenever he goes you'll be like,
oh yeah,
he likes you too.
Yeah.
But when you,
did you ask them,
does your boyfriend know that we're going to dinner together?
Not One time I did.
She say she just,
she had nothing to say.
Oh God.
So just end the date right there and get out of there.
Uh,
no,
I finished my food,
you know,
I think it lasted a little bit longer than just kind of like awkward and Shit.
Yeah,
it was pretty lame.
Yeah.
How'd you guys,
end of the night?
He's a hugger.
I don't remember.
How could you not remember what's it?
How could you not remember that?
I don't remember.
You know,
I don't,
I don't remember how it happened.
I just don't fucking know.
You know,
the,
the idea that everyone has their own show is exactly what's going on.
And that's also when you see these like really self righteous tweets that people
put out.
Like,
what are they really doing?
They're doing exactly the same thing that you see people doing on reality shows
where there they're fucking acting.
You know?
You know when you watch a reality show and you watch someone there,
they're doing something or saying something very specifically to get a reaction,
whether it's,
I don't watch them,
but yeah,
I get what you're saying.
Yeah.
Like they know the camera's on them.
And that's why they're acting in sort of an unnatural way or in a manipulative
way.
Right,
right.
And that manipulation applies to social media as well.
It's just a,
it's a less pervasive method of doing it and broadcast it to a million plus
people on a reality show.
You're broadcasting to 10,000 people who follow you on Twitter.
Yeah.
That's a big part of what people are doing it.
Like what is,
what's real?
It's also what Hashtag activism is.
What is Hashtag activism?
I think it's a lot of what it is.
Yeah.
No,
I think it can be.
I think it can be both.
I mean,
I,
I agree with you and I disagree because I think,
I think sometimes people are genuine,
but then some people are just,
you know,
two in the morning.
Yeah.
I mean there's no black or white in this.
Yeah,
yeah.
Or I should say,
yeah,
great.
I say great.
Is that okay?
I remember doing it
stand up set on a show years ago in la called late Friday and I got,
I remember doing my first joke,
it's a setup and a punchline and I say the set up part,
then I have a slight pause.
Everyone starts laughing and I was like,
what the fuck's going on?
That's the way.
They've never laughed there.
Ever have been in this job for two years.
They've never laughed at that point.
And then I get to the punchline and they're still having the setup.
They don't really left the punchline that much.
And then after about like three and the first of the first few minutes,
we're all just weird like that.
And then after about three,
four minutes,
it kind of became like a normal set.
And then afterwards I found out that the entire audience was a paid background,
extra act.
So,
and they didn't tell me that before going on.
So that's kind of like,
you know,
reminds you what you were saying about,
everyone had on their own show.
So they were trying to be,
they were acting and trying to act like an audience member instead of just
sitting there and just,
just let it happen.
You don't have to do anything.
I need background and everybody,
when Judah comes out,
he's going to say jokes,
don't want you to laugh it up on here.
Your best laugh right now.
Come on folks.
You can do better.
Is that all you got?
And that's the way.
So a lot of times comedy on TV is where it's just,
it's so fake,
you know?
Well that's a more extreme example,
but it is like,
it's just the,
I don't know,
but it's not easy to capture.
You know,
even when you see specials,
it's not easy to capture a real standup night cause
those cameras in there and people know what's going on.
It always adds a little bit of a different dynamic,
you know?
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
You know,
Hunter Thompson was talking about that a long time ago.
Documentary about,
yeah,
it was a,
he,
he started filming things,
started carrying things like carrying cameras around and filming things.
And he was talking about,
um,
they were interviewing him for this,
a BBC documentary that they were doing.
I think it was BBC,
and he was saying that having a camera changes everything because you're not
capturing reality because the having the camera and knowing that it's being
filmed changes exactly what it is.
You become something different now because everyone's aware of the camera.
And this is a documentary he made that he was now was about him.
Yeah,
it sounds great.
There's a few,
he's got a couple of,
I'm a big fan of a hundred times,
but,
uh,
the one Gonzo,
the life and times of hunters Thompson does.
I think that was what it was all better.
Yeah,
that was one.
And then there was another one feel fear and loathing and La in Hollywood,
I think,
I forgot which one it was,
but there's like,
there's a few of them,
you can find them online.
I'll check those out.
And that sounds really cool.
But they were at his place and Woody Creek,
Colorado with cameras and filming him and he's like,
well,
this isn't reality because you've got a camera.
As soon as you use that camera.
He was incredibly perceptive a person,
man.
That's pretty cool when it came to himself.
Interesting.
Yeah.
It's all sets of blind that people had in
their own life.
Yeah.
That's,
I mean,
I think that's,
uh,
that's probably pretty common,
you know?
Fuck yeah.
It's way more common than not.
Yeah.
And I think it's,
I think it's good to admit that,
you know?
Yeah.
I think that's one problem is we were like,
a lot of people don't admit that.
It's like,
it's okay to have flaws.
You know,
we all have flaws and that's all.
If you don't have flaws,
you're not human.
And that's the thing about social media.
That's a weird,
it often shows people are showing themselves without the flaws.
So it's,
it's like you said,
it's like everything's kind of fake on a certain level and they also find a flaw
that you have and just fucking,
yeah,
yeah.
I taught target.
Yeah.
What did you say about black pay by Jude at?
Yeah,
so I didn't,
black lung,
a lung.
It's a dark,
it's,
it's cigarettes.
Yeah.
That's a kind of thing that was kind of thing I used to worry about.
Like,
Oh,
you do one thing and flock,
they're going to get you out.
And I had a couple of drawings in here where it's paralysis by the way I draw
it.
And the way I worded,
I'm like,
am I going to get shit on for this?
And I was like a couple of them.
Yeah.
That's cool.
Listen,
I gotta get Outta here,
but let's,
uh,
let's highlight the book.
Good to have them here.
Yeah.
Not to beat up anybody to have one.
That one you can get on Amazon for 35 cents and shipping is three nine nine.
The new one if rain 39 cents,
you can get your,
yeah,
I think,
you know,
cause you can get used copies I think.
No,
it's like 14 bucks.
But if you want to use to copy,
I think it's like 35,
six three 99.
Yeah.
And if that,
you may not be a good salesman.
I tell people to buy the shitty shit or an artist.
But yeah,
if the raindrops United,
this has been my big passion,
the past.
Uh,
if you like be clea band or maybe even some of the old Gary Larson stuff,
I think,
I think you'll,
you'll dig this book.
Beautiful.
And then your Twitter is Judah world champ judo.
Yeah.
J U d a h world champ.
Uh,
tour dates.
Judah Friedlander later.com.
Thank you brother.
Appreciate it man.
This is great to see.
Now.
I always,
I don't see a much,
cause I live in New York and it's always cool when I see,
oh,
it was cool to see you too brother.
Yeah.
Alright.
Judah Freelander ladies and gentlemen,
and we'll see you soon.
Bye Bye.
One one,
one one.
It was great.